
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese , Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Akhil is a professor at University of Alexia. This semester, he is taking a course on Algorithms. One day after teaching about palindrome and related algorithms, he gave the following task to his students. Students found it very easy and solved it quickly. Can you solve it too?
 
You are given N strings. Each of them will have size equal to one or two, with their characters belonging to the character set {‘a’,’b’}. You have to delete minimum number of strings from the above given strings such that the string obtained after concatenating the remaining strings (in the original order of appearance in the N strings) is a palindrome. Find out the minimum number of deletions required. 

Input

The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows:
First line of each test case will contain a single integer number N denoting number of strings.
Next line of each test case will contain N space separated strings.

Output

For each test case, output a single integer corresponding to the the minimum number of strings to be deleted. 

Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 5

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (20 points) : 1 ≤ N ≤ 16
Subtask #2 (80 points) : 1 ≤ N ≤ 103

                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
4
ab a b ba



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1


Explanation
Example case 1. You need to delete strings either "a" or "b" (one of them), rest of the strings can be concatenated to form a palindrome, i.e. "abbba" and "ababa" respectively. 



Author:
4★amitpandeykgp


Tester:
5★prateekg603


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/AHWORK


Tags:

               
                 String, DP Approach
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Algorithms, Dynamic Programming
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2769


Date Added:
7-05-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

