
 
One day Sifat and his mysterious friend went to jungle to had a picnic . They were so involved with their conversation that they lost their way  back to home  .  It was already quiet late and so they decided to find a safe place to spend rest of  the night . They found a cave that was big and clean . They thought it was the best place to wait for dawn and then they could easily find their way  back to home . But Alas it was a cave of Gaint “You know who” . At mid night Gaint , you know who came  back to his cave and caught sifat and his mysterious friend . 
 
  It was Sifat’s good luck or bad luck Gaint “you know who” was vegetarian but didn’t want to lose the chance to play with sifat and his mysterious friend .  Gaint , “you know who” used to be a problem  solver so he told sifat that he would give him a sentence “S” and a word “s” . Sifat had to find how many times word “s” occurs as a substring of “S” ( you can safely omit all spaces from the sentence in order to find the substring occurrence ) .   
 
Input
Input starts with a integer T ( T <= 30 ) , denoting the number of test cases . 
Each case starts with two line . First line contains ‘S’ and second line contains ‘s’ . 
Output
For each case first print case number and then print number of times s occurs as a substring in S after removing all spaces from S . 
Constraints

1 <= T <=  30
1 <=  length(S)  <=  100000 
1 <=  length(s)  <=  length(S) 

Example
Input:
4
axb ycz d
abc
ab  cab cabc abc
abc
aab acbaa bbaaz
aab
aaaaaa
aa


Output: 

Case 1: 0
Case 2: 4
Case 3: 2
Case 4: 5


 



Author:
3★shakilaust


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/AUSAG


Tags:

               
                 aust2016, knuth-morris-pratt-algorithm, shakilaust, strings
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
15-01-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

