
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.
You are given an integer DD. You have to find a string SS such that the following conditions are satisfied:

S is non-empty and its length does not exceed 7⋅D.
S contains only lowercase English letters.
The number of distinct substrings in S minus the number of palindromic substrings in S equals D. Here, when counting palindromic substrings, a substring that occurs multiple times should be counted multiple times.

It can be proved that a solution always exists under the given constraints.
Notes:

A string B is a substring of a string A if B can be obtained from A by deleting several (possibly none or all) characters from the beginning and several (possibly none or all) characters from the end.
A palindrome is a string that does not change when it is reversed. E.g. strings "z", "aba" and "dammitimmad" are palindromes, but strings "ab" and "bojack" are not. 
A palindromic substring is a substring which is also a palindrome.

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains a single integer D.

Output
For each test case, print two lines. The first of these lines should contain a single integer ― the length of your string S. The second line should contain this string S.
If there are multiple solutions, you may find any one of them.
Constraints

1≤T≤100
1≤D≤104
the sum of D over all test cases does not exceed 105

Example Input
4
4
10
15
60

Example Output
4
todd
5
diane
6
bojack
12
peanutbutter

Exaplanation
Example case 1: There are 9 distinct substrings in S: "t", "o", "d", "to", "od", "dd", "tod", "odd", "todd". Five of them are palindromic: "t", "o", "d", "d", "dd". Therefore, D=9−5=4.
Notice that while counting palindromic substrings (but not while counting distinct substrings), we are including both occurrences of the substring "d".



Author:
6★sjshohag


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/BOJACK


Tags:

               
                 ad-hoc, Observation
                 
                     
                     Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2486


Date Added:
8-07-2020


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

