
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese, and Bengali as well.
Two of your friends (let's denote them by PP and QQ) are playing a game and you are acting as their dealer. The rules of the game are as follows:

There are NN bracket sequences, denoted by S1,S2,…,SN.
Initially, both players do not have any sequences. They play up to N turns. For each valid i, in the i-th turn, you have to choose one player and give the bracket sequence Si to this player.
After each turn, if it is possible to arrange all the sequences of one player in some order and concatenate them in such a way that the resulting bracket sequence is non-empty and balanced, that player immediately wins and the game ends. Note that it is impossible for both players to form non-empty balanced sequences at the same time.

You like P more and hence want P to win. Find the smallest number of turns you need in order to make P win or determine that it is impossible to achieve this.
Notes:

A bracket sequence is an arbitrary string containing only characters '(' and ')'.
A balanced bracket sequence is one of the following:
An empty string.
A concatenation of two non-empty balanced bracket sequences.
A string formed by adding '(' to the beginning and ')' to the end of a balanced bracket sequence.

Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
N lines follow. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines contains a single string Si.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer ― the smallest number of turns needed to make P win or −1 if it is impossible.
Constraints

1≤T≤15
1≤N≤200
1≤|Si|≤200 for each valid i


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
4
())
((
()))
()((



                        Sample Output 1
                        





3


Explanation
Example case 1: You can give S1 to Q and S2 and S3 to P.



Author:
6★smartnj


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/BRBAL


Tags:

               
                 Dynamic Programming, Binary Search
                 
                     
                     Algorithms, Searching
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2919


Date Added:
5-09-2020


Time Limit:
2 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

