
Read problems statements Mandarin , Bengali , Hindi , Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Ryan is the president of a planet. There is a large bus station on this planet and MM buses stop at this station every day. For each valid ii, the ii-th bus arrives at the station ti seconds after midnight (on Ryan's planet, each day lasts 10100 hours, not 24 hours), waits at the station for some non-negative (not necessarily integer) amount of time and then leaves.
Ryan knows that N people are coming to the station today. For each i (1≤i≤N), the i-th person is described by parameters si, ai, bi, ci, di with the following meaning:

This person arrives at the station si seconds after midnight with dissatisfaction 0.
If there is at least one bus that leaves the station strictly less than ai seconds before this person arrives, their dissatisfaction increases by bi.
If this person has to wait at the station for at least ci seconds before boarding a bus and leaving (this includes the time they spend waiting for a bus and the time spent waiting for that bus to leave), their dissatisfaction increases by di.

Ryan may be the president, but his power is quite limited. He can tell each bus driver when to leave the station and each passenger when to board a bus (these times do not have to be integers). He also has to follow one rule: it is not allowed for two buses to be at the station at the same time.
As the president, his job is to make the citizens happy. Therefore, he is wondering about the minimum total dissatisfaction (the sum of final dissatisfactions of all N passengers) he can achieve by using his power optimally. Of course, as an assistant to the president, you are the one who has to calculate that for him.
Note that each passenger should board a bus at some point (during the day when they arrive at the station). Ryan does not want to leave someone hanging there for an eternity. Also, a passenger is allowed to board a bus at the moment when that bus is leaving (even if that passenger just arrived at the station at that moment).
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer M.
The second line contains M space-separated integers t1,t2,…,tM.
The third line contains a single integer N.
The fourth line contains N space-separated integers s1,s2,…,sN.
The fifth line contains N space-separated integers a1,a2,…,aN.
The sixth line contains N space-separated integers b1,b2,…,bN.
The seventh line contains N space-separated integers c1,c2,…,cN.
The eighth line contains N space-separated integers d1,d2,…,dN.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the minimum total dissatisfaction of the passengers.
Constraints

1≤T≤1,000
1≤M,N≤5⋅105
1≤ti≤109 for each valid i
1≤si,ai,bi,ci,di≤109 for each valid i
t1,t2,…,tM,s1,s2,…,sN are pairwise distinct
the sum of M over all test cases does not exceed 5⋅105
the sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 5⋅105

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (15 points):

1≤T≤50
1≤N,M≤103

Subtask #2 (85 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
2
5 10
3
4 6 11
4 4 4
4 4 4
2 4 1
100 2 2



                        Sample Output 1
                        





6





Author:
7★watcher


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/BSTN


Tags:

               
                 Segment Trees, Fenwick Trees, Dynamic Programming, Sorting
                 
                     
                     Advanced Data Structures, Advanced Tree Structures, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

3604


Date Added:
23-01-2019


Time Limit:
2.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

