
During the quarantine period, apart from making delicious food during his free time, Chef used to play with strings.
He used to think of a word and compare that word with a random word generated by computer. Then he tries to generate the word he thought by deleting several characters (0 or more) from the word generated by computer.
For example, if chef thinks of a word like ′world′′world′ and computer generates a word like ‘helloooowwwworlllld′‘helloooowwwworlllld′ then the Chef can find the word ‘world′ in the computer generated word by deleting several characters.
But, if for example chef thinks of a word ‘world′ and computer generated word is ‘dhelloooowwworl′ then it is not possible.
Chef is busy cooking. So, he is asking for your help. 
You are given 2 strings - Chef's word and computer generated word. You need to check whether it is possible to reduce computer generated word to Chef's word by deleting 0 or more characters.

Input:

First line will contain T, number of testcases. Then the testcases follow. 
Each testcase contains of two lines of input.
In the first line, you are given a string t - Chef's word.
In the second line, you are given another string s - computer generated word.

Note: None of the string contains spaces.

Output:
For each testcase, output in a single line "YES", if it is possible to generate the word from the computer generated word by deleting 0 or more characters, otherwise "NO".

Constraints

1≤T≤1000
1≤|s|≤1000
1≤|t|≤1000


Sample Input:
2
world
helloooowwwworlllld
time
emachineeeetim


Sample Output:
YES
NO




Author:
4★rishabhrathi22


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CAKP03


Tags:

               
                 cakewalk, rishabhrathi22, strings
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
23-01-2021


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

