
Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Chef is a farmer and a pet lover. He has a lot of his favorite pets cats and dogs in the barn. He knows that there are CC cats and DD dogs in the barn. Also, one day went to field and found that there were LL legs of the animals touching the ground. Chef knows that cats love to ride on the dogs. So, they might ride on the dogs, and their legs won't touch the ground and Chef would miss counting their legs. Chef's dogs are strong enough to ride at max two cats on their back.
It was a cold foggy morning, when Chef did this counting. So he is now wondering whether he counted the legs properly or not. Specifically, he is wondering whether it is possible that he counted correctly. Please help Chef in finding it.
Input

First line of the input contains an integer T, denoting number of test cases. T test cases follow.
The only line of each test case contains three space separated integers C,D,L, denoting number of the cats, number of the dogs and number of legs of animals counted by Chef, respectively.

Output
For each test case, output a single line containing a string yes or no, according to the situation.
Constraints

1≤T≤105
0≤C,D,L≤109

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (20 points):

1≤T≤104
0≤C,D≤100

Subtask #2 (30 points):

1≤T≤105
0≤C,D≤1000

Subtask #3 (50 points):

Original constraints


                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
1 1 8
1 1 4
1 1 2



                        Sample Output 1
                        





yes
yes
no


Explanation
Example 1: There is one cat and one dog. The number of legs of these animals on the ground are 8, it can be possible when both cat and dog are standing on the ground.
Example 2: There is one cat and one dog. The number of legs of these animals on the ground are 4, it can be possible if the cat will ride on the dog, so its legs won't be counted by Chef, only the dog's legs will be counted.
Example 3: There is one cat and one dog. The number of legs of these animals are 2, it can not be true at all, Chef might have made some mistake. Hence, the answer is no.



Author:
admin2


Tester:
6★iscsi


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CATSDOGS


Tags:

               
                 ad-hoc
                 
                     
                     Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1389


Date Added:
11-04-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

