
Read problem statements in Hindi,Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
One day, Saeed was teaching a string compression algorithm. This algorithm finds all maximal substrings which contains only one character repeated one or more times (a substring is maximal if it we cannot add one character to its left or right without breaking this property) and replaces each such substring by the string "cK", where K is the length of the substring and c is the only character it contains. For example, "aabaaa" is compressed to "a2b1a3".
Saeed wanted to check if the students understood the algorithm, so he wrote a string S on the board and asked the students if the algorithm is effective on S, i.e. if the string created by compressing S is strictly shorter than S. Help them answer this question.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains a single string S.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the string "YES" if the algorithm is effective on S or "NO" if it is not.
Constraints

1≤T≤100
1≤|S|≤103
S may consist of only lowercase English letters.

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (100 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
bbbbbbbbbbaa
c
aaaaaaaaaabcdefgh



                        Sample Output 1
                        





YES
NO
NO


Explanation
Example case 1:

The compressed string of "bbbbbbbbbbaa" is "b10a2", which is shorter.
The compressed string of "c" is "c1", which is not shorter than "c".
The compressed string of "aaaaaaaaaabcdefgh" is "a10b1c1d1e1f1g1h1", which is not shorter than "aaaaaaaaaabcdefgh" (both strings have length 17).




Author:
5★i_love_islam


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHEALG


Tags:

               
                 Loops, Brute Force, Implementation
                 
                     
                     Basic Programming Concepts, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1273


Date Added:
26-12-2019


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

