
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.
Rupsa recently started to intern under Chef. He gave her N type of ingredients of varying quantity  A1, A2, ..., AN respectively to store it. But as she is lazy to arrange them she puts them all in a storage box.
Chef comes up with a new recipe and decides to prepare it. He asks Rupsa to get two units of each type ingredient for the dish. But when she went to retrieve the ingredients, she realizes that she can only pick one item at a time from the box and can know its type only after she has picked it out. The picked item is not put back in the bag.
She, being lazy, wants to know the maximum number of times she would need to pick items from the box in the worst case so that it is guaranteed that she gets at least two units of each type of ingredient. If it is impossible to pick items in such a way, print -1.
Input

The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N denoting the number of different type of ingredients.
The second line contains N space-separated integers A1, A2, ..., AN denoting the quantity of each ingredient.

Output

For each test case, output a single line containing an integer denoting the answer corresponding to that test case.

Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 10
1 ≤ N ≤ 105
1 ≤ Ai ≤ 104

Sub tasks

Subtask #1: 1 ≤ N ≤ 1000 (30 points)
Subtask #2: original constraints (70 points)


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
2
2 2
1
6



                        Sample Output 1
                        





4
2


Explanation

In Example 1, she need to pick up all items.
In Example 2, since there is only one type of ingredient, picking two items is enough.




Author:
3★abhra73


Tester:
7★kevinsogo


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHEFRP


Tags:

               
                 Basic Maths, ad-hoc
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1310


Date Added:
3-03-2015


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

