
Read problem statements in Mandarin, Bengali, and Russian as well.
Chef is a wanted criminal, and NN police officers are up for catching him. The officers want to catch Chef no matter the cost, and Chef also wants to eliminate as many officers as possible (preferably everyone) before getting caught (or before running away after eliminating everyone). Neither the officers nor Chef will run away before accomplishing their goals.
Chef and the officers are on a one-dimensional grid with coordinates ranging from −1010−1010 to 10101010. Chef is initially standing at coordinate CC, and the ii-th officer is initially at coordinate PiPi. The officers and Chef then take turns to move, with the officer team moving first. 
During their turn, officers will have to move to an adjacent unoccupied cell one by one, in any order they want. Every officer will have to move. At every moment of time, no two officers can be in the same cell, and also no officer can be in the same cell as Chef. If the officer is unable to move to an adjacent unoccupied cell, he is eliminated (and the cell he was in becomes unoccupied). Note that the officer team will try to move to eliminate as few officers as possible. For example, with P=[2,3,4]P=[2,3,4] and C=6C=6, then the next positions of the officers can be [1,2,3][1,2,3], [1,2,5][1,2,5], [1,4,5][1,4,5], or [3,4,5][3,4,5]. However, with P=[2,3,4] and C=5, the only possible set of the next positions of the officers is [1,2,3].
After the officer team's turn, Chef also moves to an adjacent unoccupied cell, or gets caught if he cannot find any adjacent unoccupied cell. The process then repeats until either Chef is caught, or all officers are eliminated and Chef runs away.
You need to find out the maximum number of officers that can be eliminated by Chef, and if Chef can run away or not.
As a reminder, two cells with coordinates X and Y are adjacent if and only if |X−Y|=1.
Input Format

The first line contains T - the number of test cases. Then the test cases follow.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N - the number of officers.
The second line of each test case contains a single integer C - the initial coordinate of Chef.
The third line of each test case contains N integers P1,P2,…,PN - the initial coordinates of the officers.

Output Format
For each test case, output on a single line two space-separated integers: the first integer is the maximum number of officers that can be eliminated by Chef, and the second integer is 1 if Chef runs away or −1 if Chef will be caught.
Constraints

1≤T≤10
1≤N≤105
1≤C≤109
1≤Pi≤109
All the coordinates are unique. That means Pi≠C for all 1≤i≤N, and Pi≠Pj for all 1≤i<j≤N


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
2
2
1 4
1
2
1



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1 -1
1 1


Explanation

Test case 1: Chef chooses to always move to the left (i.e. to the smaller coordinate); this forces the officer at coordinate 1 to always move to the left, and eventually being cornered and eliminated. However, the officer at coordinate 4 cannot be eliminated, and hence Chef will be caught at the end.
Test case 2: Similarly, Chef chooses to always move to the left, and eventually eliminating the only officer, thus running away at the end.




Author:
5★ashish99hanny


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHEF7UP


Tags:

               
                 Loops, Basic Maths, ad-hoc, Sorting, Observation
                 
                     
                     Basic Programming Concepts, Mathematics, Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2494


Date Added:
22-10-2021


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

