
Read problem statements in Mandarin, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Chef is a great mechanic. As the cost of petrol is increasing day by day he decided to build a water car to take his girlfriend Natasha on a date. Water car has great build quality but is able to travel only 11 Km on every 11 liter of water. To show off his water car to Natasha he took her to the formula racing track which is an (N−1) km long road with checkpoints numbered 1 to N from left to right. The distance between two adjacent checkpoints is 1 Km.
Initially, Chef is at checkpoint number 1 and the tank of the water car is empty. At every checkpoint, there is a water station, but the cost of filling 1 liter of water at a checkpoint is equal to the checkpoint number. Chef can not store more than V liters of water in the tank of a car. Chef is interested in both minimum as well as the maximum cost of filling that can happen to reach the checkpoint number N.
You shouldn't have any water left after reaching Nth checkpoint. Also, you are not allowed to pour out water.
Input Format

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N,V.

Output Format
For each test case, output two integers separated by space representing the maximum and minimum cost of filling respectively.
Constraints

1≤T≤103
1≤N,V≤109

Subtasks
Subtask 1 (20 points): V=1
Subtask 2 (80 points): Original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
3 1
4 2
4 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





3 3
6 4
6 3


Explanation
Test case 1: Given N=3 and V=1, Chef will start at checkpoint 1, fill 1 liter of water at a cost of 1 and move 1 Km right to reach checkpoint 2. At checkpoint 2, Chef will fill 1 liter of water again at a cost of 2  and move 1 Km right to reach the destination i.e checkpoint 3. Hence total cost incurred is 3. There is no other way to reach the destination with a different expense.



Author:
3★iamakshat01


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHEFCAR


Tags:

               
                 Basic Maths, Observation
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1683


Date Added:
20-10-2021


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

