
Having solved the first problem chef's wife has decided to make things tough for him, she tells him the following things about the KthKth power of a string                  
The kthkth power of a string ii is denoted as ik and the string ik is obtained by concatenating k copies of the string i. The string i(k+1)=ik.i, where + denotes concatenation and i^0 is an empty string. The Chef is given a string s, it is required to measure how ‘far’ it is from the kth power of some string.                                                                               
However this time The Chef is also allowed to add characters at the end of the string, along with replacing existing characters. This time Only the string is given and the Chef has to find the minimum number of operations needed to change the string into a power of some string .An operation is either a replacement or addition of a character at the end. Note that k must be at least 2, otherwise the answer can always be 1. Help Chef solve this problem.
Input:
The first line of input will contain the given string. It can be assumed that the characters in the string are all small letters a,...,z.
Output:
This should contain two numbers, the minimum number of operations required and the value of k such that the string is converted to a kth power. If there is more than one possible value of k, with the same number of operations, output the smallest one.
Constraints :
Length of s<=20000
k>=2
Time limit 5seconds.
Sample Input 1:
abaababa
4
Sample Input 2:
abcabcab
2 
Sample Output 1:
2 2
Sample Output 2:
1 3
Explanation for sample test 1:
We can add 2 characters ab at the end of the string. So the new string becomes abaababaab, which is the 2nd power of string abaab. We can see that minimum operations will be 2 and minimum value of k is 2.
Explanation for sample test 2:
We can add 1 character c at the end of the string. So the new string become abcabcabc, which is the 3rd power of string abc. We can see that minimum operations will be 1 and minimum value of k is 3.



Author:
3★beast787


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHEFSTR2


Tags:

               
                 beast787, greedy, math, medium-hard, strings
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
7-01-2021


Time Limit:
5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

