
After his marriage when one day chef was talking to his wife he found that she liked a lot of riddles. One day she told him about power of a string and asked him to solve a problem for her. 
His wife told him the following things about the Kth power of a string 
The Kth power of a string i is denoted as ik and this string ik is obtained by concatenating K copies of the string I. This means that i^(k+1) = i^k.i, (where . denotes concatenation and i^0 is an empty string). The Chef is given a string s, it is required to measure how ‘far’ it is from the kth power of some string. The Chef is only allowed to replace some characters in the string by others. The Chef is also given a number K, it is required for him to find the minimum number of replacements needed so that the resulting string is the kth power of some string. It can be assumed that the length of the given string is a multiple of k. Help Chef to find the minimum number of replacements. 
Input:
The first line of input will contain the given string. It can be assumed that the characters in the string are all small letters {a, . . . , z}. The second line of input will contain a number k ≥ 2 that divides the length of the string. 
Output:
The first line of output should contain the answer, the minimum number of replacements needed to convert the string into a kth power.
Constraints :
Length of s<=20000
k>=2
Time limit is around 1 seconds.                                                                                 
Sample Input 1:
abaababa
4                                                                                  
Sample Input 2:
abcabcab
2                                                                                                                                    
Sample Output 1:
3
Sample Output 2:
4
Explanation for sample test 1:
Here k=4, therefore we have to find minimum replacement in 4 strings ab, aa, ba and ba to make them all equal, so we can see that the number of replacements will be 3 (we can make them all equal to ba)
Explanation for sample test 2:
Here k=2, therefore there are 2 strings abca and bcab we have to make both strings equal so we can make both of them equal to abca. So the number of replacements are 4. (Change all characters of 2nd string bcab to abca)



Author:
3★beast787


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHEFSTRI


Tags:

               
                 beast787, greedy, math, medium, strings
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
7-01-2021


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

