
Read problems statements in Hindi, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, Vietnamese and Bengali as well.
Tonight, Chef would like to hold a party for his NN friends.
All friends are invited and they arrive at the party one by one in an arbitrary order. However, they have certain conditions — for each valid ii, when the ii-th friend arrives at the party and sees that at that point, strictly less than AiAi other people (excluding Chef) have joined the party, this friend leaves the party; otherwise, this friend joins the party.
Help Chef estimate how successful the party can be — find the maximum number of his friends who could join the party (for an optimal choice of the order of arrivals).
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
The second line contains N space-separated integers A1,A2,…,AN.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the maximum number of Chef's friends who could join the party.
Constraints

1≤T≤1,000
1≤N≤105
the sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 106


                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
2
0 0
6
3 1 0 0 5 5
3
1 2 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2
4
0


Explanation
Example case 1: Chef has two friends. Both of them do not require anyone else to be at the party before they join, so they will both definitely join the party.
Example case 2: At the beginning, friends 3 and 4 can arrive and join the party, since they do not require anyone else to be at the party before they join. After that, friend 2 can arrive; this friend would see that there are two people at the party and therefore also join. Then, friend 1 will also join, so in the end, there would be 4 people attending the party.
Example case 3: No one will attend the party because each of Chef's friends will find zero people at the party and leave, regardless of the order in which they arrive.



Author:
6★kingofnumbers


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHFPARTY


Tags:

               
                 cook103, easy, kingofnumbers, sorting
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1223


Date Added:
17-02-2019


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

