
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Chef went to the store and saw a long queue. There are NN people in the queue (numbered 11 through NN from the front of the queue to the back); as it usually happens in such a situation, each person has a certain anger level. Let's denote the anger level of the i-th person by ai.
Chef wants to finish shopping as fast as possible, so he decided to try jumping the queue instead of just standing at its back. However, he cannot make the people already standing in the queue much angrier, since that would not end well for him. Chef may stand in the queue directly in front of person p only if the expression
⌊ap1⌋+⌊ap+12⌋+⌊ap+23⌋+…+⌊aNN−p+1⌋
does not exceed a given integer K. Here, ⌊x⌋ denotes the floor function - the largest integer which does not exceed x.
When Chef joins the queue, his position in the queue is the number of the person directly behind him, or N+1 if he stands at the back of the queue. Find the minimum position at which Chef should join the queue, either by cutting in front of someone or (if it is impossible to cut in front of anyone without violating the condition above) standing at the back of the queue.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N and K.
The second line contains N space-separated integers a1,a2,…,aN.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer - the minimum position at which Chef should join the queue.
Constraints

1≤T≤5
1≤N≤105
1≤K≤109
1≤ai≤105 for each valid i

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (15 points): 1≤N≤1,000
Subtask #2 (85 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
3 3
1 2 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1





Author:
6★wild_hamster


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CHONQ


Tags:

               
                 Difference Arrays, Pre processing, Prefix Sum
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Arrays, Advanced Algorithms, Algorithms, Simple Algos
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2398


Date Added:
27-01-2019


Time Limit:
2 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

