
Chef is playing cards with his friend Devu. The cards are based on a fantasy series, and each card represents a character from the series. Each card has a positive number on it, which is the power of the character represented. There are a total of 2N cards, which are shuffled and divided between Chef and Devu so that they have N cards each.
The game proceeds as follows, please read carefully. Each player arranges their cards in a specific order of their choosing. Next, each player takes one card from the top of their arranged deck, and the cards are battled against each other. If the cards have the same power, no one wins, otherwise the player with the card of higher power wins. The 2 cards are now removed from the game. For the next round, each player again picks a card from the top of his deck and repeats the process. A card cannot be drawn from anywhere but the top, thus the order determined at the start must be followed throughout the game. This is done until all N rounds are over. At the end of the game, the player who won most battles is declared the winner.
Now, Chef is clever. He seats himself and Devu in such a manner that he is able to observe Devu arranging his cards and knows the order in which they are arranged. Devu is honest and does not know Chef's arrangement of cards. Can you help Chef arrange his own cards so as to maximize the number of battles he will win?
Input
The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains N, the number of cards each player has.

The second line of each test case contains N space-separated integers denoting the powers of Chef's cards.

The third line of each test case contains N space-separated integers denoting the powers of Devu's cards, arranged in the order which Devu has decided.


Output
For each test case, output a single line containing an integer which is the maximum number of battles Chef can win after strategically arranging his own cards.


Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 10
1 ≤ N ≤ 105
1 ≤ Power of any card ≤ 106

Example
Input:
2
5
1 2 3 4 5
1 1 1 6 6
6
12 8 4 6 2 10
4 4 4 14 12 6

Output:
3
4

Explanation
In test case 1, one possible arrangement for Chef that gives highest wins is [5, 4, 3, 2, 1].
In test case 2, one possible arrangement for Chef that gives highest wins is [12, 10, 6, 4, 2, 8].
            
            
            
            
            
        

        


Author:
5★subham_75


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CL16BD


Tags:

               
                 colg2016, easy, greedy, sorting, subham_75
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
29-09-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

