
The kingdom of Ererraveth has NN cities and N−1N−1 roads. A single road connects 2 cities. From any city it is possible to reach all other cities via the roads. It can be deduced that there is a unique path between any 2 cities. Each city is labeled with a unique number 11 to N. The city where the royal palace is located is assigned number 1.
The evil prince Drach who was once banished is planning to return and claim the empire for himself. First, he will capture the royal palace. Next, he will have his revenge on the lords of the cities. To punish a city, he will simply destroy all roads that connect it to its neighbouring cities, and the city will slowly starve. 
However, there are K cities whose lords have supported Drach in the past. Let's call these good cities. Drach will ensure that all good cities remain connected via roads to his royal palace. Thus any city which is not good but lies on the path from the royal palace to a good city will be spared. But if the lord of any good city is removed from his post by the time Drach is back, he will no longer consider it a good city.
Let G be the set of potentially good cities with |G|=K, and G′ be a subset of G. Drach wants to know the number of roads he will have to destroy if G′ be the set of good cities, i.e. if all cities in G′ remain connected to his palace in city 1 and all cities that are not essential for the above are punished. You will need to calculate the bitwise XOR-sum of the results for all the 2K possible subsets G′.
Input:

The first line contains N, the number of cities.
N−1 lines follow. Each line contains two integers u and v denoting that city u and v are connected via a road.
The next line contains K, the number of potentially good cities 
The next line contains the K potentially good cities G1,G2,...GK.

Output:

Output in a single line the XOR-sum of the number of roads Drach needs to destroy for each subset G′ of G if G′ is considered the set of good cities.

Constraints

1≤N≤105
1≤K≤min(27,N−1)
2≤Gi≤N
All Gi are distinct

Sample Input:
7
1 2
1 3
1 4
2 5
3 6
3 7
2
2 7

Sample Output:
4

Explanation:

For G′={}, 6 roads need to be destroyed.
For G′={2}, 5 roads need to be destroyed.
For G′={7}, 4 roads need to be destroyed.
For G′={2,7}, 3 roads need to be destroyed.
So the answer is 6⊕5⊕4⊕3=4.



Author:
6★meooow


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CLERVT


Tags:

               
                 Trees, DP Bitmask, Bitmasking, Euler Tour
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Graphs, Advanced Algorithms, Advanced DP, Mathematics, Bit Manipulation, Algorithms, Graph Algos, Traversals
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2944


Date Added:
4-04-2018


Time Limit:
1.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

