
Chef is again playing a game with his best friend Garry. As usual, the rules of this game are extremely strange and uncommon.
First, they are given a stack of N discs. Each disc has a distinct, non-negative integer written on it. The players exchange turns to make a move. Before the start of the game, they both agree upon a set of positive integers  S of size K. It is guaranteed that S contains the integer 1. In a move, a player can select any value x from S and pop exactly x elements from the top of the stack. The game ends when there are no discs remaining. Chef goes first.
Scoring: For every disc a player pops, his score increases by 2p where p is the integer written on the disc. For example, if a player pops the discs, with integers p1,p2,p3,…,pm written on it, during the entire course of the game, then his total score will be 2p1+2p2+2p3+⋯+2pm.
The player with higher score wins the game. Determine the winner if both the players play optimally, or if the game ends in a draw.
Input:

First line contains T, the number of testcases. Then the testcases follow.
The first line of each test case contains two space separated integers N and K, denoting the size of the stack and the set S respectively.
Next line contains N space separated integers Ai where A1 is the topmost element, denoting the initial arrangement of the stack.
The last line of each test case contains K space separated integers each denoting xi.

Output:
For each testcase, output "Chef" (without quotes) if Chef wins, "Garry" (without quotes) if Garry wins, otherwise "Draw" (without quotes) in a separate line.
Constraints

1≤T≤1000
1≤N≤105
1≤K≤min(100,N)
0≤Ai≤109
1≤xi≤N
xi≠xj for all i≠j
Ai≠Aj for all i≠j
Set S contains integer 1. 
Sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 105.

Sample Input:
1
3 2
5 7 1
1 2

Sample Output:
Chef

Explanation:
Chef can select 2 from the set and draw the top two discs (with integers 5 and 7 written on it) from the stack. Garry cannot select 2 from the set as there is only 1 disc left in the stack. However, he can select 1 from the set and pop the last disc.
So, Chef's score = 25 + 27 = 160
Garry's score = 21 = 2
Chef wins.



Author:
6★sarthakmanna


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CLGAME


Tags:

               
                 Dynamic Programming, Game Theory, Observation
                 
                     
                     Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2396


Date Added:
14-02-2019


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

