
Chef considers a string consisting of lowercase English alphabets beautiful if all the characters of the string are vowels. 
Chef has a string S consisting of lowercase English alphabets, of length N. He wants to convert S into a beautiful string T. In order to do so, Chef does the following operation on every character of the string:

If the character is a consonant, change the character to its closest vowel. 
If the character is a vowel, don't change it. 

Chef realizes that the final string T is not unique. Chef wonders, what is the total number of distinct beautiful strings T that can be obtained by performing the given operations on the string S.
Since the answer can be huge, print it modulo 109+7.
Note:

There are 26 characters in the English alphabet. Five of these characters are vowels: a, e, i, o, and u. The remaining 21 characters are consonants.
The closest vowel to a consonant is the vowel that is least distant from that consonant. For example, the distance between the characters d and e is 1 while the distance between the characters d and a is 3.
The distance between the characters z and a is 25 and not 1.

Input Format

The first line of input will contain an integer T — the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains an integer N, denoting the length of the string S.
The second line of each test case contains a string S consisting of lowercase English alphabets.  

Output Format
For each test case, output the total number of distinct beautiful strings T that can be obtained by performing the given operations on the string S, modulo 109+7. 
Constraints

1≤T≤1000
1≤N≤105
Sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 105. 


                        Sample Input 1
                        





4
5
aeiou
5
abcde
8
starters
8
codechef



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1
2
4
4


Explanation
Test case 1: All the characters of the string S are vowels. Thus, none of the characters would be changed. The resulting string T will be aeiou.  
Test case 2:There are 2 possible strings that can be obtained by performing the given operations on the string S. Those are aaaee and aaeee. 



Author:
lavish_adm


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CLOSEVOWEL


Tags:

               
                 String, Mathematics
                 
                     
                     Data Structures
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1241


Date Added:
5-05-2022


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

