
Chef has Birthday on 4th April. Of course! chef's date of Birth has such a lot of properties, like:

It is also the smallest Smith number;
The smallest non-cyclic group has four elements;


Four is the maximal degree of the equation that can be solved in radicals;
There is four-color theorem that states that any map can be colored in no more than four colors in such a way that no two adjacent regions are colored in the same color;
Lagrange's four-square theorem states that every positive integer can be written as the sum of at most four square numbers;
Four is the maximum number of dimensions of a real division algebra;
In bases 6 and 12, 4 is a 1-automorphic number;

And there are a lot more cool stuff about this number!
so he decides to organize a party in which he is sending invitation to all his love ones  also he is careful about that no one should missed. To invite everyone in his
Birthday party chef decides to make a list of member( numbered  11 to NN ) A1,A2,…,AnA1,A2,…,An.
Chef is very excited for his birthday party so he started to play with list.
Chef decided to take Q words( numbered  1 to P) and concatenate every single  word with all the members of list.
Now chef knows that every string can convert and bring it to  first composite number.
During this process of conversion chef decides to note the number of steps required to complete the task.
Chef decided to collect minimum and maximum number of steps for each each query.
All string is in small case letter.
Note:
-String length of A1,A2,…,An is m.
-String length of each query is n.
Composite number: A whole number that can be made by multiplying other whole numbers.
Example: 6 can be made by 2×3 so is a composite number.
But 7 can not be made by multiplying other whole numbers (1×7 would work, but we said to use other whole numbers) so is not a composite number, it is a prime number.
All whole numbers above 1 are either composite or prime.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. 
The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N and P.
The second line contains N space-separated integers A1,A2,…,An.
P lines follows Each of these lines contains a single integer PP describing a query.

Constraints:

1≤T≤1000
1≤N≤106
1≤m+n≤105

Concatenated string length goes 105 use modulo.
Output:

For each testcase T ,


The first line of each query contains n space seperated integers denoting number of steps to complete the task.
The second line of each query contains two space seperated integers denoting minimum and maximum number of steps.

Sample Input:
2
3 2
bob john alex
mary
joy
3 2
smith marsh alisa
mandy
alex

Sample Output:
2 2 2 
2 2
1 2 2 
1 2
1 1 1 
1 1
1 1 1 
1 1

Explanation:
Example case1:
bob+mary=bobmary
Concatenated string contains 7 letters and 7 i.e seven consists 5 letters and 5 consists 4 letter.
So during the process of conversion note the number of steps and print it.
Same process for each query with other strings and print the output as mentoined above.



Author:
1★vishalmourya


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CMAN3


Tags:

               
                 c-plus-plus, cakewalk, cman2020, codechef, easy, number-theory, strings, vishalmourya
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
29-03-2020


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

