
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.
 
Lira loves Linear Algebra and she is especially keen about matrix :).
Today, she learnt some properties about matrices, namely, she learnt about what the trace of a matrix is, as her teacher gave her many exercises for her to practice.
As we know she is pretty clever, she rapidly came up with some definitions of her own and devised a somewhat harder version of the problem initially proposed by her teacher.
Namely, she defines a Positive Invertible Integer Matrix as being an invertible 2x2 matrix composed only of positive (i.e. greater than 0) integer elements and whose determinant is greater than 0.
Now, she is interested in counting how many such matrices are there, such that their trace is equal to N .
It's your turn to solve Lira's problem :D
Input
The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows. 
Each test case consist of single integer N, the trace of the matrix.


Output
For each test case, output a single line containing the number of Positive Invertible Integer Matrices such that their trace is equal to N and determinant is positive.
Read here for additional info:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trace_(linear_algebra)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Determinant 
Constraints:
1 ≤ T ≤ 50
3 ≤ N ≤ 2500
 

                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2


Explanation
The only two matrices that exist with trace equal to 3 and that satisfy all the given conditions are:




Author:
bruno_adm


Tester:
2★shiplu


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/CNPIIM


Tags:

               
                 Number Theory, Dynamic Programming
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1749


Date Added:
2-12-2013


Time Limit:
2 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

