
Read problems statements Bengali , Mandarin chinese , Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Chef is a cook. He has a son Chefu and a daughter Chefa. He also has NN coins, numbered 11 through NN; for each valid i, the i-th coin has value Vi.
Chef wants to give all coins to his two children in the following way: He traverses all coins in a particular order; for each coin, he checks which child currently has less money in total and gives this coin to that child (if both have the same amount of money, Chefu is given the coin).
Chefu is studying computer science, so he knows that this method is not necessarily the most fair way of partitioning the coins, but Chef does not understand why, since he is only a cook.
Now, Chefu wants to take advantage of that and choose the order in which Chef should give out the coins in such a way that the amount of money he gets is maximised. Can you help him?
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
The second line contains N space-separated integers V1,V2,…,VN.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing N space-separated integers — a permutation of numbers 1 through N denoting the indices of the coins in the order in which Chef should traverse them. If there is more than one optimal solution, you may print any one.
Constraints

1≤T≤100
1≤N≤500
1≤Vi≤500 for each valid i
the sum of N for all test cases does not exceed 500

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (50 points): the sum of N for all test cases does not exceed 80
Subtask #2 (50 points): original constraints
Example Input
2
4
5 3 20 9
4
2 2 2 2

Example Output
2 4 1 3
1 2 3 4




Author:
6★kingofnumbers


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/COINPART


Tags:

               
                 Mathematics, Unbounded Knapsack, Observation
                 
                     
                     Algorithms, Dynamic Programming, Knapsack
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2804


Date Added:
29-09-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

