
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Limak is a little polar bear, who loves eating cookies and drinking milk.
For this reason he often visits Chef's kitchen.
Limak is going to spend N minutes in the kitchen.
Each minute he either eats a cookie or drinks milk.
Cookies are very sweet and thus Limak's parents have instructed him, that after eating a cookie, he has to drink milk in the next minute.
You are given whether he ate a cookie or drank milk in each of the N minutes. Your task is to check if Limak followed his parents' instructions. That is, you need to verify whether after each eaten cookie he drinks milk in the next minute.
Print "YES" or "NO" for each test case accordingly.
Input
The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains an integer N denoting the number of minutes.
The second line of a test case contains N space-separated strings S1, S2, ..., SN.
The string Si is either "cookie" (if Limak eats a cookie in the i-th minute) or "milk" (otherwise).
Output
For each test case, output a single line containing the answer — "YES" if Limak followed his parents' instructions, and "NO" otherwise, both without the quotes.
Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 50
1 ≤ N ≤ 50
 Each Si is either "cookie" or "milk" (without the quotes).

Subtasks

Subtask #1 (40 points) N = 2
Subtask #2 (60 points) Original constraints


                        Sample Input 1
                        





4
7
cookie milk milk cookie milk cookie milk
5
cookie cookie milk milk milk
4
milk milk milk milk
1
cookie



                        Sample Output 1
                        





YES
NO
YES
NO


Explanation
Test case 1. Limak is in the kitchen for 7 minutes.
He eats three cookies and after each of them he indeed drinks milk in the next minute.
The answer is "YES".
Test case 2. Limak is in the kitchen for 5 minutes.
In the first minute he eats a cookie and in the second minute he eats a cookie again, instead of drinking milk.
The answer is "NO".
Test case 3. Here Limak doesn't eat any cookies.
The answer is "YES" because the condition is satisfied (there is no situation when Limak eats a cookie but doesn't drink milk in the next minute).
Test case 4. Limak eats a cookie and doesn't drink milk in the next minute so the answer is "NO".



Author:
7★errichto


Tester:
7★errichto


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/COOMILK


Tags:

               
                 Implementation
                 
                     
                     Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1244


Date Added:
22-02-2017


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

