

Chef Po had recently started home delivery service for pizzas. Po has only a single delivery boy that delivers the orders by riding his motorcycle. The motorcycle has an unlimited capacity of fuel tank. However, it is too old and can only ride 1 km for each 1 liter of fuel.

There are NN fuel stations near the restaurant. The ithith fuel station can fill a fuel tank exactly KiKi litres; not more and not less. Filling a fuel tank with any amount of fuel in those stations tends to take a long time. Since the fuel stations are placed near the restaurant, no fuel is needed to go to a fuel station.

Today Chef Po received N pizza orders, which is the same number of fuel stations fortuitously. The house of the person that ordered the ith order is Hi km away from the restaurant. The delivery boy cannot deliver more than one order at a time. Therefore, after delivering an order, he must return back to the restaurant to take the next order.

The delivery boy is an efficient person and thus he wants to fill the fuel tank with the exact amount of fuel required to deliver an order and return back. He also does not want to spends much time filling the tank, so he wants to minimize the number of times he fills the tank. Help him determine the minimum number of times he must fill the tank to deliver all orders.
Input

The first line contains a single integer T denoting the number test cases. The description of T test cases follows. For each test case, the first line contains a single integer N. The second line contains N space-separated integers Hi. The third line contains N space-separated integers Ki.
Output
For each test case, output a single line containing the minimum number of times the delivery boy must fill the tank.


Constraints

1≤T≤500  1≤N≤500  1≤Hi≤500  1≤Ki≤500  There is at least one way for completing the deliveries.  That is, the delivery boy  always can fill a fuel tank exactly 2∗Hi litres for 1≤i≤N. 

                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
4
1 2 3 4
1 4 5 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





7


Explanation

Here is one possible solution.


For the first order, the delivery boy must ride 1 + 1 = 2 km long. Fill the tank twice in the first fuel station.


For the second order, the delivery boy must ride 2 + 2 = 4 km long. Fill the tank once in the second fuel station.


For the third order, the delivery boy must ride 3 + 3 = 6 km long. Fill the tank twice in the fourth fuel station.


For the fourth order, the delivery boy must ride 4 + 4 = 8 km long. Fill the tank in the third and fourth fuel stations.


In total, the delivery boy must fill the tank 7 times. There is no way to fill the tank less than 7 times.




Author:
khad_adm


Tester:
6★laycurse


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/DBOY


Tags:

               
                 Dynamic Programming
                 
                     
                     Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1666


Date Added:
27-10-2012


Time Limit:
3 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

