
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Devu has an array A consisting of N positive integers. He would like to perform following operation on array.
Pick some two elements a, b in the array (a could be same as b, but their corresponding indices in the array should not be same).
Remove both the elements a and b and instead add a number x such that x lies between min(a, b) and max(a, b), both inclusive, (i.e. min(a, b) ≤ x ≤ max(a, b)).

Now, as you know after applying the above operation N - 1 times, Devu will end up with a single number in the array. He is wondering whether it is possible to do the operations in such a way that he ends up a number t. 


He asks your help in answering Q such queries, each of them will contain an integer t and you have to tell whether it is possible to end up t. 

Input
There is only one test case per test file.
First line of the input contains two space separated integers N, Q denoting number of elements in A and number of queries for which Devu asks your help, respectively
Second line contains N space separated integers denoting the content of array A.
Each of the next Q lines, will contain a single integer t corresponding to the query.
Output
Output Q lines, each containing "Yes" or "No" (both without quotes) corresponding to the answer of corresponding query.
Constraints
1 ≤ N, Q ≤ 105
0 ≤ t ≤ 109
Subtasks

Subtask #1 : 30 points
1 ≤ Ai ≤ 2

Subtask #2 : 70 points
1 ≤ Ai ≤ 109


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1 2
1
1
2



                        Sample Output 1
                        





Yes
No


Explanation
In the first example, Devu can't apply any operation. So the final element in the array will be 1 itself. 


                        Sample Input 2
                        





2 4
1 3
1
2
3
4



                        Sample Output 2
                        





Yes
Yes
Yes
No


Explanation
In the second example,
Devu can replace 1 and 3 with any of the numbers among 1, 2, 3. Hence final element of the array could be 1, 2 or 3. 




Author:
admin2


Tester:
6★iscsi


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/DEVARRAY


Tags:

               
                 Basic Maths, ad-hoc, Observation
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1126


Date Added:
17-05-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

