
 
As its new year, Deepak and his classmates are very excited to receive gifts from the school . Deepak being class monitor is assigned a task to write down the names of all the student (every gift will have the name on it). As Deepak is busy in doing homework he tells everyone to write there names on the list. Some of his classmates are greedy and hence have written there names more than once on the list .

Can you help Deepak create a new list by removing duplicates. Print, the number of distinct names followed by the names on the list without duplicates sorted lexicographically in ascending order.
 
Input
First line consists of T , denoting the number of test cases.
Each test case consists of N , number of names written on the list.
Each of these N lines consists of string S denoting the names of students (including duplicates).

Output
For each test case output the number of distinct names followed by names of these distinct student names, lexicographically in ascending order.

Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 10
1 ≤ N ≤ 100
1 ≤ |S| ≤ 50

 
Example
1
5
chunu
vasya
ketya
chunu
vasya

Output:
3
chunu
ketya
vasya
Explanation
Example case 1. chunu, ketya and vasya are unique names in ascending order lexicographically.

Note: a word is lexicographically smaller than another if the first position in which it differs, the character in it comes before the other in English alphabets. 
Example a is smaller than b, thus abd is smaller than bb.



Author:
3★chandubaba


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/DISTINCT


Tags:

               
                 brute-force, cakewalk, chandubaba
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
24-12-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

