
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
Yesterday, Chef found KK empty boxes in the cooler and decided to fill them with apples. He ordered NN apples, where NN is a multiple of K. Now, he just needs to hire someone who will distribute the apples into the boxes with professional passion. 
Only two candidates passed all the interviews for the box filling job. In one minute, each candidate can put K apples into boxes, but they do it in different ways: the first candidate puts exactly one apple in each box, while the second one chooses a random box with the smallest number of apples and puts K apples in it.
Chef is wondering if the final distribution of apples can even depend on which candidate he hires. Can you answer that question?
Note: The boxes are distinguishable (labeled), while the apples are not. Therefore, two distributions of apples are different if there is a box such that the number of apples in it when the first candidate finishes working can be different from the number of apples in it when the second candidate finishes working.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N and K. 

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the string "YES" if the final distributions of apples can be different or "NO" if they will be the same (without quotes).
Constraints

1≤T≤250
1≤N,K≤1018
N is divisible by K

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (30 points): 1≤N,K≤105
Subtask #2 (70 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
5 1
4 2
10 10



                        Sample Output 1
                        





NO
NO
YES


Explanation
Example case 1: No matter who is hired, all apples will be in the only box at the end.
Example case 2: At the end, there will be two apples in each box.
Example case 3: If we hire the first candidate, there will be one apple in each box, but if we hire the second one, there will be 10 apples in one box and none in all other boxes.



Author:
4★y__y


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/DSTAPLS


Tags:

               
                 Basic Maths, Observation
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1374


Date Added:
5-07-2019


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

