
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
"The secret impresses no one, the trick you use it for is everything." - The Prestige
This is an interactive problem.
An NN-perfect number is defined as a positive integer with at most NN digits (in decimal representation without leading zeros) ― that is, XX is an N-perfect number if 0<X<10N.
Chef has a friend named Dynamo, who is a legendary magician. Chef learned a new magic trick from him and now, he wants to impress his friend Cheffa by showing her the trick:

First, Cheffa should choose a positive integer N and tell it to Chef.
Then, Cheffa should choose an N-perfect number A and tell it to Chef, who should then choose a positive integer S and tell it to Cheffa.
Then, Cheffa and Chef should alternately tell each other four N-perfect numbers B, C, D and E (in this order). Cheffa chooses B and D, while Chef chooses C and E.
Cheffa will be really impressed if S turns out to be equal to A+B+C+D+E. Otherwise, Cheffa will be angry that Chef was wasting her time with a failed magic trick.

Since Chef is busy in the kitchen, you should perform the magic trick for him and impress Cheffa. The grader is acting as Cheffa and it is trying to make the magic trick fail.
Interaction

First, you should read a line containing a single integer T. The description of interaction for T test cases follows.
For each test case, you should start by reading a line containing a single integer N. Then, you should perform the following actions:
Read a line containing a single integer A.
Print a line containing a single integer S.
Read a line containing a single integer B.
Print a line containing a single integer C.
Read a line containing a single integer D.
Print a line containing a single integer E.
Finally, you should read a line containing a single integer: 1 if your predicted sum S is correct or −1 if it is incorrect.

Note that when you receive −1 at the end of a test case, you should immediately terminate your program to receive a Wrong Answer verdict; otherwise, you may receive any verdict. Don't forget to flush the output after printing each line!
Constraints

1≤T≤1,000
1≤N≤18
1≤A,B,C,D,E<10N
1≤S≤5⋅10N

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (20 points): 1≤N≤5
Subtask #2 (80 points): original constraints
Example
You             Grader
                1
                2
                10
50
                10
12
                10
8
                1

Explanation
Example case 1: The sum of A=10, B=10, C=12, D=10 and E=8 is 50, which is the same as the predicted sum.
Note that this example is just supposed to clarify the interaction. The grader will not be as friendly.



Author:
5★amit_dwivedi


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/DYNAMO


Tags:

               
                 Interactive Problems, Basic Maths, ad-hoc
                 
                     
                     Special, Mathematics, Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1541


Date Added:
9-08-2019


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

