
Read problems statements Mandarin , Bengali , Hindi , Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Chef is a very experienced and well-known cook. He has participated in many cooking competitions in the past — so many that he does not even remember them all.
One of these competitions lasted for a certain number of days. The first day of the competition was day SS of the week (i.e. Monday, Tuesday etc.) and the last day was day EE of the week. Chef remembers that the duration of the competition (the number of days between the first and last day, inclusive) was between LL days and R days inclusive. Is it possible to uniquely determine the exact duration of the competition? If so, what is this duration?
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains two space-separated strings S and E, followed by a space and two space-separated integers L and R.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing:

the string "impossible" if there is no duration consistent with all given information
the string "many" if there is more than one possible duration
one integer — the duration of the competition, if its duration is unique

Constraints

1≤T≤10,000
1≤L≤R≤100
S is one of the strings "saturday", "sunday", "monday", "tuesday", "wednesday", "thursday" or "friday"
E is one of the strings "saturday", "sunday", "monday", "tuesday", "wednesday", "thursday" or "friday"

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (100 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
saturday sunday 2 4
monday wednesday 1 20
saturday sunday 3 5



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2
many
impossible





Author:
6★kingofnumbers


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/EVENT


Tags:

               
                 Basic Maths, Implementation
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1549


Date Added:
23-11-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

