
Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
You are given a score log of a football match between two teams. Every time when one of the teams scored a goal, the name of that team was written in the score log on a separate line.
At the end of the match, the team that scored strictly more goals than the other team wins the match. If both teams scored an equal number of goals, the match ends in a tie. Determine the name of the winning team or that the match ended in a tie.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer n denoting the number of records in the score log (the total number of goals scored during the match).
Each of the following n lines contains a string s denoting the name of the team that scored a goal.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one string — the name of the winning team or "Draw" (without quotes) in case of a tie.
Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 105
0 ≤ n ≤ 105
1 ≤ |s| ≤ 20
s consists only of lowercase English letters
sum of n over all test cases ≤ 105
for each test case, there are at most two different team names


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
4
ab
bc
bc
ab
3
xxx
yyy
yyy



                        Sample Output 1
                        





Draw
yyy





Author:
6★chemthan


Tester:
6★kingofnumbers


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/FBMT


Tags:

               
                 String, Brute Force, Implementation
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1379


Date Added:
20-12-2017


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

