
Problem statements for this and the Easy version are not same. Read the constraint mentioned in the problem statement. 
Mayor Ram is back! This time on his vacation he invented a new Portal Chain Machine.
This machine has NN portals numbered from 11 to NN from left to right.
Each of these portals also has a value associated with itself. These values are all distinct and lie between 1 to N inclusive.
The portals have a special property. A portal with value x is linked to portal with value x+1 and to portal with value x−1. Of course, portal with value 1 and portal with value N are linked to only one other portal. The rest of the portals are linked to two different portals. 
Now, Mayor Ram controls all the portals and can make any portal send an object from this portal to any other portal linked with the current portal.
Hard Version Constraint : Transferring object from one portal to another takes time equal to the absolute difference between the numbers of the two portals. Ex - Transferring from portal with number A to portal with number B takes |A−B| units of time.
Now , Mayor Ram is wondering what is the minimum amount of time required to transfer objects from one portal to another. 
Mayor Ram expects you to help him. You will be receiving queries which will have two integers Src & Dest.  And for each query you have to tell the minimum amount of time required to transfer an object from portal with number Src to portal with number Dest.

Input:

The first line of each contains two integers N and Q .
The next line has N integers V1,V2,..,VN which denote the values at respective portals.
The next Q lines each have two integers Src & Dest , which denote the Src and Dst  for the current query.


Output:
For each query, output in a single line the minimum amount of time required to transfer object from Src to Dst for the respective query. 

Constraints

1≤N,Q≤105
1≤Src,Dst≤N


Sample Input:
4 2
1 3 2 4
1 2
4 2

Sample Output:
3
2

EXPLANATION:
From portal at position 1 to portal at position 2, time taken = 3 ( 2 unit of time to go from portal at 1 to portal at 3 + 1 unit of time to go from portal at 3 to portal at 2).
From portal at position 4 to portal at position 2, time taken = 2 ( 2 unit of time to go from portal  at 4 to portal at 2).



Author:
5★pritishn


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/FCF2P5


Tags:

               
                 fcf22020, prefix-sum, pritishn, pritishn, simple
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
27-07-2020


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

