
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Today is Chef's birthday. His mom has surprised him with truly fruity gifts: 2 fruit baskets. The first basket contains N apples, and the second one contains M oranges. Chef likes apples and oranges very much but he likes them equally, and therefore, wants to have the minimum possible difference between the number of apples and oranges he has. To do so, he can purchase 1 apple or 1 orange by paying exactly 1 gold coin (that's some expensive fruit, eh?). Chef can purchase fruits at most K times (as he has only K gold coins in his pocket) to make the difference the minimum possible.
Our little Chef is busy in celebrating his birthday to the fullest, and therefore, he has handed this job to his best friend — you. Can you help him by finding the minimum possible difference he can achieve between the number of apples and orange he owns?

Input
The first line of input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The first and only line of each test case contains 3 space separated integers — N, M and K — denoting the number of apples, number of oranges, and number of gold coins our little Chef has.
Output
For each test case, output the minimum possible difference between the number of apples and oranges that Chef can achieve.
Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 100
1 ≤ N, M, K ≤ 100


                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
3 4 1
5 2 1
3 4 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





0
2
0


Explanation

Test 1: Chef will buy 1 apple by paying 1 gold coin and will have equal number of apples and oranges. 
Test 2: Chef will buy 1 orange by paying 1 gold coin and will have 5 apples and 3 oranges.




Author:
3★ma5termind


Tester:
6★antoniuk1


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/FRUITS


Tags:

               
                 Basic Maths, ad-hoc
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1126


Date Added:
6-01-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

