
Read problem statements in Hindi, Bengali, Mandarin Chinese, Russian, and Vietnamese as well.
You are given a tree GG with NN vertices numbered 11 through N. It is guaranteed that N is even.
For a positive integer k, let's define a graph Hk as follows:

Hk has N vertices numbered 1 through N.
For each edge (u,v) in G, there is an edge (u,v) in Hk too.
For each pair of vertices (u,v) in G such that their distance is at most k, there is an edge (u,v) in Hk.

We call a graph good if its vertices can be split into two sets U and V satisfying the following:

Each vertex appears in exactly one set; |U|=|V|=N/2.
Let E be the set of edges (u,v) such that u∈U and v∈V. It is possible to reach any vertex from any other vertex using only the edges in E.

Your task is to find the minimum value of k such that Hk is a good graph, and one possible way to partition vertices of this graph Hk into the sets U and V defined above. If there are multiple solutions, you may find any one.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
Each of the next N−1 lines contains two space-separated integers u and v denoting an edge between vertices u and v in G.

Output

For each test case, print three lines.
The first line should contain a single integer — the minimum value of k.
The second line should contain N/2 space-separated integers — the numbers of vertices in your set U.
The third line should also contain N/2 space-separated integers — the numbers of vertices in your set V.

Constraints

1≤T≤100
2≤N≤10,000
N is even
1≤u,v≤N
the graph on the input is a tree

Subtasks

25 points: 1≤N≤200
75 points: no extra constraints


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
2
1 2
6
1 2
1 3
3 4
3 5
3 6



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1
1
2
2
1 3 5
2 4 6





Author:
admin2


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/GRAPART


Tags:

               
                 Trees, ad-hoc, Observation
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Graphs, Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2041


Date Added:
7-12-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

