
Ratan Singh and Alauddin Khilji are blood-enemies of each other. Ratan Singh has a diverse and well planned kingdom. His kingdom has N provinces. Every province has a  bidirectional road to every other province (except itself of course). But Alauddin has now attacked his kingdom. During his attack, he destroyed some of the roads connecting provinces.
To fight back, Ratan Singh divided his sena(army) into two senas. Sena X and Sena Y.
Sena X has the best warriors, while Sena Y doesn’t. According to his plan, each province should be protected by exactly one of the two senas( X or Y).
As Sena X is very strong, Ratan Singh will place them in such a way that: 

No two adjacent provinces (provinces connected by a road) are guarded by Sena X. 
If a province P is guarded by Sena X, then all the provinces which are guarded by Sena Y needs to be adjacent to province P. 
There should exist at least one province having Sena X, and at least one province having Sena Y.

This way, he can ensure the safety of his Kingdom.
You are the only programmer that Khilji has. You have to help him calculate the number of possible ways in which Ratan Singh can achieve the aforementioned task!
NOTE : Please use Fast I/O methods as the input can be large.
Input Format

First line will contain T, number of testcases. Then the testcases follow.
First line of each test-case consists of two spaced integers, N and M, denoting the number of provinces in Ratan Singh's Kingdom, and the number of roads destroyed by Khilji respectively.
Then, M lines follow:
Each of these lines consists of two spaced integers, u v, denoting that the road connecting provinces u and v has been destroyed by Khilji. 

Output Format
For each testcase, print the number of possible ways in which Ratan Singh can deploy his Senas, following the conditions mentioned in the statement.
Constraints

1≤T≤105
2≤N≤2⋅105
0≤M≤min(N⋅(N−1)2,3⋅105)
u≠v.
All the edges mentioned in the input are unique.
The sum of N over all cases doesn't exceed 2⋅105
The sum of M over all cases doesn't exceed 5⋅105.


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
6 5
1 6
2 4
2 5
3 5
4 5



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1


Explanation

The only possible way to deploy the senas is, deploy the Sena X at provinces :[1,6] and the ena Y at provinces : [3,2,4,5]. For any of the provinces having Sena X, it can be seen that, every province of sena Y is adjacent to it. Province 1 is adjacent to [3,2,4,5], the same follows for the province 6.
He cannot deploy sena X at [3,2,4,5] and Y at [1,6] because in the resulting graph, provinces 3,2 as well as provinces 3,4 are adjacent.




Author:
5★need_for_code


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/KINGATCK


Tags:

               
                 Graphs, Connected Components, DFS, BFS
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Advanced Algorithms, Advanced Graph Algos, Algorithms, Graph Algos, Traversals
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2439


Date Added:
23-11-2021


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

