
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.
You are a tribal leader and live in jungle with your people. Life of the leader is not easy sometimes. One of your responsibilities is food distribution. Let's consider this process in details.
There are many families in your tribal. Thei-th family consists of Xipeople. In some moment you give each family Y bananas(Y is equal for all families independently of its size). All members of family receive equal number of bananas each and this number is maximal with condition that total number of bananas this family have received doesn't exceed Y. Of course some bananas of these initial Y are left. They are given back to the leader of the tribal(you). In other words each member of family receives floor Y / Xibananas and  Y modulo Xi are given back to the leader.
. You are interested in total number of bananas you will have after this distribution process.
But things are not so simple. There are many events in life of your tribal. You will have to process many queries of three types:

New family with Ximembers joined your tribal
Some family with Ximembers left your tribal(it's guaranteed that there was such a family before this query).
You give each family in your tribal Yj bananas. You want to know the total number of bananas you will have after distribution. 

Input
The first line of input file contains one integer N denoting number of different family sizes before queries. Each of next Nlines contains two space-separated integers Ai and Bi denoting size of the family and number of families with such size correspondingly. It's guaranteed that all the Ai are pairwise different.
The next line contains one integer M denoting the number of queries. Next M lines describe one query each and can be one of the three types:

"+ X" - one family with X members joined your tribal
"- X" - one family with X members left your tribal(it's guaranteed that there was such a family before this query).

"? Y" - You give each family in your tribal Y bananas. You want to know the total number of bananas you will have after distribution. 

Output
For each third type query output one integer per line - answer for this query.
Constraints

0 ≤ N ≤ 105
1 ≤ M ≤ 105
1 ≤ Ai, Bi, Xi, Yi≤ 105 

 Subtasks 
Subtask #1[25 points]: M < 1000
Subtask #2[75 points]:  no additional conditions 
Example
Input:
3
1 4
3 2
2 2
6
? 10
? 8
+ 4
? 9
- 2
? 8
Output:
2
4
3
4




Author:
4★pavel1996


Tester:
5★rubanenko


Tags:

               
                 Segment Trees, Fenwick Trees, Combinatorics
                 
                     
                     Advanced Data Structures, Advanced Tree Structures, Mathematics
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2760


Date Added:
28-12-2014


Time Limit:
1 - 2.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

