
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese  and Russian.
As we all know, Chef is cooking string for long days, his new discovery on string is the longest common pattern length. The longest common pattern length between two strings is the maximum number of characters that both strings have in common. Characters are case sensitive, that is, lower case and upper case characters are considered as different. Note that characters can repeat in a string and a character might have one or more occurrence in common between two strings. For example, if Chef has two strings A = "Codechef" and B = "elfedcc", then the longest common pattern length of A and B is 5 (common characters are c, d, e, e, f).
Chef wants to test you with the problem described above. He will give you two strings of Latin alphabets and digits, return him the longest common pattern length.
Input
The first line of the input contains an integer T, denoting the number of test cases. Then the description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a string A. The next line contains another character string B.
Output
For each test case, output a single line containing a single integer, the longest common pattern length between A and B.
Constraints
1 ≤ T ≤ 100
1 ≤ |A|, |B| ≤ 10000 (104), where |S| denotes the length of the string S
Both of A and B can contain only alphabet characters (both lower and upper case) and digits


                        Sample Input 1
                        





4
abcd
xyz
abcd
bcda
aabc
acaa
Codechef
elfedcc



                        Sample Output 1
                        





0
4
3
5


Explanation
Example case 1. There is no common character.
Example case 2. All the characters are same.
Example case 3. Three characters (a, a and c) are same.
Example case 4. This sample is mentioned by the statement.



Author:
shiplu_adm


Tester:
6★gerald


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/LCPESY


Tags:

               
                 Frequency Arrays, String
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Arrays
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1284


Date Added:
19-12-2013


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

