
A city has been infected by a contagious virus.
In a survey, it was found that AA out of the NN people living in the city are currently infected.
It has been observed that the only way for a person to get infected is if he comes in contact with an already infected person, and both of them are NOT wearing a mask.
The mayor of the city wants to make a new Mask Policy and find out the minimum number of people that will be required to wear a mask to avoid the further spread of the virus.
Help the mayor in finding this number.
Note: The only aim of the mayor is to stop virus spread, not to mask every infected person.
Input Format

The first line contains T - number of test cases. Then the test cases follow.
The first and only line of each test case contains two integers N and A - the total number of people living in the city and the number of people already affected by the virus respectively.

Output Format
For each test case, output the minimum number of people that will be required to wear a mask so as to curb the virus spread.
Constraints

1≤T≤105
2≤N≤400
1≤A<N


                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
2 1
3 2
3 1



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1
1
1


Explanation
Test Case #1: There is 1 infected person and 1 uninfected person. We can ask any of them to wear a mask, and no more infections will occur. Hence the answer is 1.
Test Case #2: There are 2 infected people and 1 uninfected person. We can ask the uninfected person to wear a mask, and no more infections will occur. Hence the answer is 1.
Test Case #3: There is 1 infected person and 2 uninfected people. We can ask the single infected person to wear a mask, and no more infections will occur. Hence the answer is 1.



Author:
6★utkarsh_25dec


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/MASKPOL


Tags:

               
                 cakewalk, cook-off, cook137, utkarsh_25dec
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1064


Date Added:
11-01-2022


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

