
You have been given a string S of size N which consists of uppercase characters only. A  K-Magical String is a string in which the longest non - decreasing subsequence is of size exactly K.
You have been given Q queries where each query is in the form L,R, and K.
For each query, check whether substring from index L to index R can be converted into a K-Magical String or not by rearranging its characters and print the final rearranged string too. 
If there exist multiple answers, print the lexicographically largest string possible.
Note: 

Each query will be treated independently i.e. after each query the string will remain the same as it was initially. 
The input files are large. The use of Fast I/O is recommended.

Input Format

The first line contains T denoting the number of test cases.
The first line of each test case contains an integer N denoting the length of the string.
The second line of each test case contains the string S given in question.
The third line of the test case contains an integer Q denoting the number of queries.
Next, Q lines contain three space-separated integers L,R, and K.

Output Format
For each query in each test case, print "Yes" if it is possible to rearrange the characters of that substring such that it can be converted into K-Magical string and print the rearranged string else print "No" without quotes.
You may print each character of the string in uppercase or lowercase (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes" and "YES" will all be treated as identical).
Constraints

1≤T≤100
1≤N≤105
1≤Q≤105
1≤L≤R≤N
1≤K≤N
The sum of (R−L+1) over all Q queries over all test cases whose answer is "Yes" is less than or equal to 106.


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
9
EFDAABCBD
4
1 9 6
6 8 1
4 7 3
1 2 1



                        Sample Output 1
                        





Yes
FEDAABBCD
No
Yes
CAAB
Yes
FE


Explanation
Test case 1: 
For the first query :
L=1,R=9,K=6 , the substring we are concerned with is "EFDAABCBD", we can rearrange its characters to "FEDAABBCD". Now, as it has the longest non-decreasing subsequence of size exactly K=6 (The longest non decreasing subsequence being "AABBCD"). Therefore, the answer to this query is "Yes".
For the second query:
L=6,R=8,K=1, the substring is "BCB", as there is no way in which we could rearrange the characters such that the longest non decreasing subsequence could become of size exactly K=1. Therefore, the answer to this query is "No".
For the third query:
L=4,R=7,K=3 , the substring is "AABC", we can rearrange its characters to "CAAB". Now, as this string has the longest non-decreasing subsequence of size exactly K=3 and the subsequence will be "AAB". Therefore the answer to this query is "Yes".
For the fourth query:
L=1,R=2,K=1, the substring is "EF", we can rearrange its characters to "FE" . Now, as this string has the longest non-decreasing subsequence of size exactly K=1 and the subsequence will be "F". Therefore the answer to this query is "Yes".



Author:
5★mystic_ankush


Tester:
5★mexomerf


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/MGSTR121


Tags:

               
                 easy, mystic_ankush, prefix-sum, start16
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2730


Date Added:
24-09-2021


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

