
There is a company having     E employees working in town     T that you work for. The employees live in N towns in that area. Some of the employees drive     P passengers. When P==1 then it means the driver can only transport themselves to work. You want to ensure that everyone     will be able to make it to work and you would like to minimize the number of cars on the road.
Requirements to calculate the number of cars on the road :

Every employee can get to town
Every employee can get to town
Every employee can get to town
An employee can travel in a car belonging to an employee between towns
Employees can only take rides from other employees that live in same town
The minimum number of cars is used

Find whether it is possible for everyone to make it to work, and if it is, how many cars will end up driving to the office.
Input
One line containing an integer C, the number of test cases in the input file. For each test case there will be:

One line containing the integer N, the number of towns in your area and the integer T, the town where the office is located.
One line containing the integer E, the number of employees.
 E lines, one for each employee, each containing:          o An integer         H >= 1, the home town of the employee, followed by          o An integer         P >= 0, the number of passengers they can drive. If the employee is not licensed to drive the number will be 0. 

Output
C lines, one for each test case in the order they occur in the input file, followed by:      o The string IMPOSSIBLE, if there are not enough drivers for everyone to commute; OR      o N space-separated integers, one for each town from 1 to N, which indicate the number of vehicles commuting from the town.
Limits
1 ≤ T ≤ N      1 ≤ H ≤ N      0 ≤ P ≤ 6
Sample Input
3      5 1      3      1 0      1 0      1 0      5 1      3      2 4      2 0      3 0      5 3      5      1 2      1 0      4 2      4 4      4 0
Output
0 0 0 0 0      IMPOSSIBLE      1 0 0 1 0



Author:
apurvsinghgaut


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/MKWRK


Tags:

               
                 apurvsinghgaut, sorting
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
21-09-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

