
In an attempt to reduce the growing population, Archer was asked to come up with a plan. Archer being as intelligent as he is, came up with the following plan:
If NN children, with names C1,C2,...,CNC1,C2,...,CN, are born to parents with names A and B, and you consider C to be the concatenation of all the names of the children, i.e. C=C1+C2+...+CN (where + is concatenation operator), then C should be a substring of one of the permutations of A+B.
You are given the task to verify whether the names parents propose to give their children are in fact permissible by Archer's plan or not.
Input
The first line contains an integer T, the number of test cases. T test cases follow. Each test case stats with a line containing two space separated strings A and B, denoting the names of the parents. The next line contains a single integer N denoting the number of children A and B are planning to have. Following this are N lines, the ith line containing Ci, the proposed name for the ith child.
Output
For each test case output a single line containing YES if the names are permissible by Archer's plan, otherwise print NO.
Constraints
1≤T≤100
1≤N≤1000
 The lengths of all the strings including A, B, and all Ci will be in the range [1,40000], both inclusive. All these strings will contain only lowercase English letters.
The combined lengths of all names of children will not exceed the combined length of the names of their parents.


                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
tom marvoloriddle
2
lord
voldemort
cheap up
1
heapcup
bruce wayne
2
bat
man



                        Sample Output 1
                        





YES
YES
NO


Explanation
Let Y denote the concatenation of names of all the children, and X denote the concatenation of the names of the parents.


Case 1: Here X = "tommarvoloriddle", and Y = "lordvoldemort". Consider Z = "iamlordvoldemort". It is not difficult to see that Z is a permutation of X and Y is a substring of Z. Hence Y is a substring of a permutation of X, so the answer is "YES".


Case 2: Here X = "cheapup", and Y = "heapcup". Since Y in itself is a permutation of X, and as every string is a substring of itself, Y is a substring of X and also a permutation of X. Hence "YES".


Case 3: Here X = "brucewayne", and Y = "batman". As "t" is not present in X, "t" wont be present in any permutation of X, hence the answer is "NO".




Author:
kaush_adm


Tester:
6★pieguy


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/NAME1


Tags:

               
                 Frequency Arrays, String, ad-hoc
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Arrays, Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1404


Date Added:
27-03-2013


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

