
Read problem statements in Russian and Mandarin Chinese
Chef is playing Need For Speed. Currently, his car is running on a straight road with a velocity UU metres per second and approaching a 90∘90∘ turn which is SS metres away from him. To successfully cross the turn, velocity of the car when entering the turn must not exceed V metres per second.
The brakes of Chef's car allow him to slow down with a deceleration (negative acceleration) not exceeding A metres per squared second. Tell him whether he can cross the turn successfully. The velocity v when entering the turn can be determined from Newton's 2nd law to be v2=U2+2⋅a⋅S if the car is moving with a uniform acceleration a.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains four space-separated integers U, V, A and S.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the string "Yes" if Chef can cross the turn successfully or "No" if he cannot (without quotes).
You may print each character of each string in uppercase or lowercase (for example, the strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes" and "YES" will all be treated as identical).
Constraints

1≤T≤105
1≤U,V,A,S≤104

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (100 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
1 1 1 1
2 1 1 1
2 2 1 1



                        Sample Output 1
                        





Yes
No
Yes


Explanation
Example case 1: Since U=V=1, Chef does not need to brake and will be able to turn successfully.
Example case 2: The smallest velocity Chef's car can have even with the maximum deceleration is √2⋅2−2⋅1⋅1=√2, which is greater than the maximum allowed velocity for a safe turn.
Example case 3: The smallest velocity Chef's car can have with the maximum deceleration is again √2, which is smaller than the maximum allowed velocity for a safe turn.



Author:
daanish_adm


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/NFS


Tags:

               
                 Physics, Mathematics, Brute Force
                 
                     
                     Special, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1350


Date Added:
10-03-2021


Time Limit:
0.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

