
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Little Alice likes to play with her collection of N integers. She knows her collection very well, and often likes to come up with different observations about the numbers.
For example, Alice had recently learned that two numbers can be jealous of each other in case they have a non-trivial common divisor (i.e. greater than one divisor). For example, the numbers 8 and 12 are jealous of each other, because they have common divisor 4. But the numbers 8 and 9 aren't jealous of each other, because they don't have any common divisors other than 1.
Alice wants to organize a tea-party, and to invite some of the numbers from her collection. She wants to invite as much numbers as possible, in such a way that no two number among the invited are jealous of each other. Please help her to find the maximal amount of numbers she can invite.
Input
The first line of the input contains an integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N denoting the amount of numbers in Alice's collection.
The second line contains N space-separated integers A1, A2, ..., AN denoting the numbers from the collection. 
Output
For each test case, output a single line containing the maximal amount of numbers that can be invited to the tea-party.
Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 104
1 ≤ N ≤ 103
1 ≤ Sum of N over all the test cases in a single file ≤ 104
1 ≤ Ai ≤ 103

Example
Input:
2
5
1 2 3 4 5
2
7 7

Output:
4
1

Explanation
Example case 1. Alice can invite 1, 2, 3 and 5. This is the maximal set of numbers she can invite.
Example case 2. One number will be jealous to the other one, so Alice can invite only one of those. Please note that the numbers are not necessarily different.



Author:
sergey_adm


Tester:



Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/NUMSET


Tags:

               
                 dynamic-programming, easy-medium, prime-factorization, sergey_adm, snckel16
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
13-06-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

