
 Read problems statements in Mandarin Chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Leha is playing a very interesting game. The game will be played on a rectangular grid consisting of N rows and M columns. Initially all the cells of the grid are uncolored. 
Leha's initial score is zero. At each turn, he chooses some cell that is yet not colored, and colors that cell. The score obtained in this step will be number of neighboring colored cells of the cell that Leha colored in this step. Two cells are neighbors of each other if they share a side between them. The game will end when all the cells are colored. Finally, total score obtained at the end of the game will sum of score obtained in each turn.
Leha wants to know what maximum score he can get? Can you please help him in finding this out?
Input
The first line contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. T test cases follow.
Each of the following T lines contains two space-separated integers N, M denoting the dimensions of the grid.
Output
For each test case, output a single line containing an integer corresponding to the maximal possible score Leha can obtain.
Constraints

1 ≤ T ≤ 100
1 ≤ N, M ≤ 1 000

Subtasks

Subtask #1[30 points]: 1 ≤ N, M ≤ 3
Subtask #2[70 points]: 1 ≤ N, M ≤ 1 000


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
2 2



                        Sample Output 1
                        





4


Explanation
Leha can obtain total score 4 in the following way.

In the first step, he colors down left cell, all the neighboring cells of this cell are uncolored. So, it adds 0 to total score.
In second step, he can color upper right cell, it also adds total 0 to the score.
In third step, he can color top left cell. There are two neighboring cell of this cell, both of which are colored. So, this add 2 to the score.
In the last step, he can choose the remaining down right cell. There are two neighboring cell of this cell, both of which are colored. So, this also add 2 to the score.



Leha can't obtain a score more than 4. Hence 4 is the answer.




Author:
4★pavel1996


Tester:
3★karanaggarwal


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/OMWG


Tags:

               
                 Graphs, Observation
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1536


Date Added:
11-06-2016


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

