

  Chef and his wife Chevy are alchemists in search of the legendary Philosopher's 
Stone. The Philosopher's Stone is a very powerful substance which is believed to 
have the power to transmute precious metals, stones and even lives of living beings.
 Chef wishes to use the stone to restore his son Jim's body to its original form 
following a terrifying accident in their lab.

  It is known that Philosopher's Stones break apart into an odd number of shards
 when they're used up. After searching far and wide, Chef has collected N shards
 of what he believes to be a previously-used Philosopher's Stone, where N is an 
odd integer. He believes that fusing these shards back together will yield a 
real stone in its entirety.


  Leveraging his encyclopaedic knowledge of alchemy, Chef recalls an ancient book 
with the following ritual for fusing shards:

1.Arrange the N shards in a row, numbered from 1 to N.
2.Note the colour Ci of each shard i, which is either auburn or black
 (denoted by the characters A and B respectively).
3.Choose a consecutive sequence of three shards, remove them from the row,
 and fuse them together into one new shard. The three shards must not all be the same 
colour, or such an intense concentration of similar energies will cause a
 dangerous rebound explosion. Instead, there must be two differently-coloured 
shards that will neutralise each other, get converted into energy (via the
 Law of Equivalent Exchange), and become infused with the third shard.
 In other words, assuming no explosion, the resulting shard's colour will be 
equal to the most common colour present amongst the three chosen shards.
4.Place the resulting shard back into the original gap in the row, with the remaining shards
 in the same relative order before and after it.
5.Repeat steps 3 and 4 until only one shard remains.
Note that each time steps 3 and 4 are performed, the number of remaining shards
 decreases by 2. Therefore, given that the initial number of shards is odd, enough 
successful repetitions will result in exactly one final shard: the Philosopher's Stone. 
Help Chef determine whether or not it's possible to get to that point and hopefully 
save his son Jim, without causing any rebound explosions along the way.
Input Format

Input begins with an integer T, the number of Philosopher's Stones that Chef 
tries to reconstitute.
For each stone there are two lines. The first contains the integer N. 
The second contains the length-N string C1..N.​

Output Format

For the i−th stone, output a line containing either Y if it's possible For Chef to
end up with the Philosopher's Stone, or N if not.

Constraints

0≤T≤1000
3≤M≤109
Ci∈{A,B}

Subtasks

100 points : Orignal Constraints


                        Sample Input 1
                        





6
3
BAB
3
BBB
5
AABBA
7
BAAABAA
11
BBBAABAAAAB
11
BABBBABBABB



                        Sample Output 1
                        





Y
N
Y
N
Y
N


Explanation

In the first case, Chef is able to fuse the three shards together, as they include
two differently-coloured shards, yielding a single black-coloured shard: the
Philosopher's Stone.
In the second case, the three black shards will inevitably cause a rebound explosion
if fused. 
In the third case, Chef can begin by fusing the first three shards into a 
single auburn-coloured shard. The row of shards will then feature colours ABA, and 
Those shards can be fused into the Philosopher's Stone.




Author:
4★pratik291219


Tester:
3★thakre_02


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/PHILOSOPHER


Tags:

               
                 easy, pratik291219, strings
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
9-02-2022


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

