
Read problems statements Hindi , Vietnamese , Mandarin Chinese , Russian and Bengali as well.
We have a rectangular piece of cardboard with width 11 (its height is not important). We are going to fold it in the following way:

pick up the right side of the piece of cardboard and move it to the left until it touches the left side
this way, a smaller piece of cardboard with width 1/21/2 is created; if we unfolded it, we could see a vertical ridge formed in the middle
pick up the left side of this new piece of cardboard and move it to the right until it touches the (new) right side
pick up the right side of the resulting piece of cardboard and move it to the left until it touches the left side, etc.

Whenever the cardboard is folded, exactly one of its new sides is a newly formed ridge (there may be more, internal ridges formed, but we do not consider these). Let's denote such a ridge created in the kk-th folding by Rk.
In total, we fold the piece of cardboard N times. Afterwards, we unfold it and look at the formed ridges. Let's denote the distance of ridge RN (i.e. the last formed outer ridge) from the left side of the original piece of cardboard by DN. For example, D1=1/2 and D2=1/4.
It is possible to express DN as an irreducible fraction x/y. Find this fraction.
Assume that it is possible to fold the piece of cardboard as many times as we want.
Input
The first and only line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. For each test case, a space and an integer N follows.
Output
Print a single line containing 2T space-separated integers. For the i-th test case (1≤i≤T), the 2i−1-th and 2i-th integer should denote x and y — the position of the last ridge as an irreducible fraction.
Constraints

1≤T≤5
1≤N≤25

Subtask #1 (10 points):

1≤T≤5
1≤N≤5

Subtask #2 (90 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





2 1 2



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1 2 1 4


Explanation
Example case 1: We only fold once, so x=1 and y=2.
Example case 2: We fold the piece of cardboard twice. The last edge is at 1/4, so x=1 and y=4.



Author:
5★sshhhh


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/PRDRG


Tags:

               
                 GCD, Implementation, Patterns
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Number Theory, Algorithms, Observation
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1505


Date Added:
27-09-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

