
Read problem statements in Mandarin Chinese Vietnamese, and Russian
In order to impress Chefina, Chef is trying to improve his chess calculation skills.
Today, Chef took a big chessboard with NN rows (numbered 11 through N) and N columns (numbered 1 through N). Let's denote the square in row r and column c of the chessboard by (r,c). Chef wants to place some queens on this chessboard in such a way that the following conditions are satisfied:

Each square of the board contains at most one queen.
There are exactly N−2 queens on the board.
All squares are reachable by at least one queen.

A queen can reach all cells along the row, column, and diagonals it is placed at.
Formally, a queen placed at square (r,c) can reach square (x,y) if at least one of the following conditions holds:

x=r
y=c
r+c=x+y
r−c=x−y

Help Chef find a possible distribution of queens. If there are multiple solutions, you may find any one. It is guaranteed that under the given constraints, a solution always exists.
Input Format

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first and only line of each test case contains a single integer N.

Output Format
For each test case, print N lines. For each valid i, the i-th of these lines should contain a single string with length N describing row i of the chessboard; for each valid j, the j-th character of this string should be 'Q' if there is a queen in the square (i,j) or '.' if this square is empty. Please note you have to place exactly N−2 queens.
Constraints

1≤T≤100
3≤N≤100
The sum of N2 over all test cases does not exceed 105


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
3
4



                        Sample Output 1
                        





...
.Q.
...
...Q
....
.Q..
....


Explanation
Test Case 1: The Queen in the middle covers all squares on the board.
Test Case 2: The Queen at square (1,4) covers all squares in the first row and the last column, while the other Queen covers all the other squares.



Author:
utkarsh_adm


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/QPLACE


Tags:

               
                 Chess, Loops, ad-hoc, Observation, Implementation
                 
                     
                     Special, Basic Programming Concepts, Algorithms, Constructive
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
27-10-2021


Time Limit:
0.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

