
          
            Rachel and Monica are playing a game. Monica gives Rachel N coins numbered from 1 to N, and all the coins are facing in "Same direction" (Either Head or Tail), which will be decided by Monica. 

Rachel needs to play N rounds.In the k-th round Rachel will flip the face of all the coins whose number is less than or equal to k. That is, the face of the coin i will be reversed, from Head to Tail, or, from Tail to Head, for i ≤ k.

Rachel needs to guess the total number of coins showing a particular face after playing N rounds. But Rachel finds this to be a difficult game and needs someone’s help. 
Ross, having a crush on Rachel, wants to impress her by doing the guessing part for her.
Help Ross in impressing Rachel.

Since, now Ross is assisting Rachel, she really becomes quite fond of this game, so together they play it G times.

 Input :
The first line of input contains an integer T, denoting the number of test cases. Then T test cases follow.
The first line of each test contains an integer G, denoting the number of games played by Rachel. Each of the following G lines denotes a single game, and contains 3 space separated integers I, N, Q, where I denote the initial state of the coins, N denotes the number of coins and rounds, and Q, which is either 1, or 2 as explained below.
Here I=1 means all coins are showing Head in the start of the game, and I=2 means all coins are showing Tail in the start of the game. Q=1 means Rachel needs to guess the total number of coins showing Head at the end of the game, and Q=2 means Rachel needs to guess the total number of coins showing Tail at the end of the game.

Ouput: 
For each game, output one integer denoting the total number of coins showing the particular face at the end of the game

Constraints
1 ≤ T ≤ 10
1 ≤ G ≤ 20000 
1 ≤ N ≤ 109 
1 ≤ I ≤ 2  
1 ≤ Q ≤ 2   
 Sample Input  
1 
2  
1 5 1 
1 5 2  
 Output 
2 
3 
 Explanation : 
In the 1st game in Example: I=1, so initial arrangement of coins are H H H H H, and now Rachel will play 5 rounds and coin faces will be changed as follows 
After the 1st Round: T H H H H  
After the 2nd Round: H T H H H 
After the 3rd Round: T H T H H  
After the 4th Round: H T H T H   
After the 5th Round: T H T H T   
Finally Q=1, so we need to find the total number of coins showing Head, which is 2. 
In the 2ndExample: This is similar to the 1st game, except Rachel needs to find the total number of coins showing Tail. So the Answer is 3. (Please see the final state of the coins in the 1st game)
            
            
            
            
            
        

        


Author:
4★krish_murarka


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/RACEL


Tags:

               
                 cakewalk, crsh2020, krish_murarka
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
5-11-2020


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

