
Ram has recently won a lottery of 1 billion Simalokolan-Dollars.
And he has bought a huge mansion with half of the lottery amount.   
Now he has hired NN maids (numbered from 11 to NN) to take care of the mansion! 
Each maid has her report card from National Housekeeper Examination!
The report card of each maid has 3 different fields - Vacuuming skills , Laundry skills and Dish-washing skills.
Each maid has got a score for each of the different skills; 
Ram will assign each maid only one type of task i.e Vacuuming or Laundry or Dish-washing.
No maid shall do more than one type of task.
Also, Ram got to know that for each i∈[1,N−1],  ith maid is friend of (i+1)th maid.
Ram also knows that if he assign both ith and (i+1)th maid the same type of task then they will gossip all day and not work properly.
So Ram won't assign them same type of task i.e tasks given to ith and (i+1)th maid shall not be same.
Let Assigned score of the ith maid be equal to the score on her report card for the type of task she's assigned.
Now Ram wonders what is the maximum total assigned score he can get.

Input:

First line will contain T, number of testcases. Then the testcases follow. 
The first line of each testcase contains an integer N denoting the number of maids.
The second line contains N space separated integers where the ith integer denotes the Vacuuming skills score of ith maid.
The third line contains N space separated integers where the ith integer denotes the Laundry skills score of ith maid.
The fourth line contains N space separated integers where the ith integer denotes the Dish-Washing skills score of ith maid.


Output:
For each testcase, output in a single line the maximum total assigned score Ram can get.

Constraints

1≤T≤103
1≤N≤105
The Vacuuming skill score for each maid doesn't exceed 105.
The Laundry skill score for each maid doesn't exceed 105
The Dish-Washing skill score for each maid doesn't exceed 105
Sum of N over all test cases doesn't exceed 105


Sample Input:
1
3
3 2 1
2 3 1
1 2 3 

Sample Output:
9

EXPLANATION:
Ram can assign Vacuuming to 1st maid and Laundry to 2nd maid and Dish-washing to 3rd maid.
This assignment will give a total score of 3+3+3=9 score.



Author:
5★pritishn


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/RAM_SAMA


Tags:

               
                 dynamic-programming, ftcf2020, pritishn, pritishn
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
8-06-2020


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

