
Read problems statements Mandarin , Bengali , Hindi , Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Consider a seven-segment display, which can be used to show a decimal digit (00 through 99). When a digit is shown on a working display, specific segments of the display turn on, as depicted in the following image (for digits 11 through 99):

00 is depicted as usual, with all the segments turned on, except the middle one.
Some of the segments of this display (possibly all or none) are dead ― they never turn on. In order to find out which segments could be dead, we ran NN tests with the display. For each i (1≤i≤N), in the i-th test, we tried to show the digit xi and out of the 7 segments of the display, yi segments turned on.
It is possible that the results of tests have been recorded incorrectly. Determine if the recorded results are valid, i.e. if there is a set of dead segments such that in each test, the recorded number of segments that turned on is correct. If it is valid, calculate the minimum possible number of dead segments and the maximum possible number of dead segments consistent with the results of the tests.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single integer N.
N lines follow. For each i (1≤i≤N), the i-th of these lines contains two space-separated integers xi and yi.

Output
For each test case:

If the results of tests are invalid, print a single line containing the string "invalid" (without quotes).
Otherwise, print a single line containing two space-separated integers ― the minimum and maximum number of dead segments.

Constraints

1≤T≤1,000
1≤N≤10
0≤xi≤9 for each valid i
0≤yi≤7 for each valid i
x1,x2,…,xN are pairwise distinct

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (20 points): N=1
Subtask #2 (80 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
2
2 4
5 4
2
8 6
0 7



                        Sample Output 1
                        





1 2
invalid





Author:
4★erfaniaa


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/SEVENSEG


Tags:

               
                 Conditional Statements, Bitmasking, Subset Enumeration, Observation, Implementation
                 
                     
                     Basic Programming Concepts, Mathematics, Bit Manipulation, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2226


Date Added:
27-03-2019


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

