
Consider the string of infinite length obtained by repeating abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz infinitely many times. That is, it looks like abc...xyzabc...xyzabc... 
Let string B be the prefix of this string of length M. For example,

if M=6, B= abcdef
if M=29, B= abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzabc

Vedansh calls a string X special if it contains B as a substring. Formally, X is special if for some 1≤L≤R≤|X|, XL…R=B.
Vedansh has string S of length N (consisting of lowercase Latin letters only). He wants to convert S into a special string. To do so he can perform the following operation:

Pick an i such that 1≤i≤N and delete Si. The remaining parts of S are concatenated.

Since Vedansh is lazy, he wants to do this in the minimum number of operations or determine if S cannot be converted to a special string. Help Vedansh in doing so.
Input Format

The first line of input contains a single integer T — the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
Each test case consists of three lines of input
The first line of each test case contains an integer N — the length of the string S.
The second line of each test case contains the string S which consists of lowercase Latin letters only.
The third line of each test case contains an integer M — the length of the string B whose form is described in the statement.

Output Format
For each test case, if A can be converted to a special string, output the minimum number of operations to do so. Otherwise output −1.
Constraints

1≤T≤1000
1≤M≤N≤106
S consists of only lowercase Latin letters
It is guaranteed that the sum of N over all test case does not exceed 106.

Subtasks

                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
9
ababbdced
4
7
bdcgehx
5
6
acbcbd
3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





3
-1
1


Explanation
Test case 1: M=4, so B=abcd. We can delete the following characters from S:
ababbdced → ababcd_, which has B as a substring.
Test case 2: M=5, so B=abcde. It can be shown that S can not be converted into a special string.
Test case 3: M=3, so B=abc. We can delete the following characters from S:
acbcbd → abc_bd, which has B as a substring.



Author:
3★ved_ansh


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/SPECIALSTR


Tags:

               
                 binary-lifting, easy-medium, start24, strings, ved_ansh
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2886


Date Added:
30-01-2022


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

