
Read problems statements in Hindi,
Mandarin chinese
, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Chef likes to play with cards a lot. Today, he's playing a game with three cards. Each card has a letter written on the top face and another (possibly identical) letter written on the bottom face. Chef can arbitrarily reorder the cards and/or flip any of the cards in any way he wishes (in particular, he can leave the cards as they were). He wants to do it in such a way that the letters on the top faces of the cards, read left to right, would spell out the name of his favorite friend Bob.
Determine whether it is possible for Chef to spell "bob" with these cards.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer TT denoting the number of test cases. The description of TT test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains a single string with length 33 denoting the characters written on the top faces of the first, second and third card.
The second line contains a single string with length 3 denoting the characters written on the bottom faces of the first, second and third card.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing the string "yes" (without quotes) if Chef can spell "bob" or "no" (without quotes) if he cannot.
Constraints

1≤T≤20,000
each string contains only lowercase English letters

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (100 points): original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
bob
rob
dbc
ocb
boc
obc



                        Sample Output 1
                        





yes
yes
no


Explanation
Example case 1: The top faces of the cards already spell out "bob".
Example case 2: Chef can rearrange the cards in the following way to spell "bob": the second card non-flipped, the first card flipped and the third card flipped.
Example case 3: There is no way for Chef to spell out "bob".



Author:
admin2


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/SPELLBOB


Tags:

               
                 Loops, Brute Force
                 
                     
                     Basic Programming Concepts, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

1283


Date Added:
30-07-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

