

Kazi has organized a Coding Contest in his college. Contest has multiple rounds, in each round a participant may gain or lose few points. At the end, there is only one participant with the maximum points. In the course of the contest, the number of points is written in the line as 
"name points", where name is the participant's name and points is, the number of points is gained. 

If the point is negative, this means the participant has lost in the round. If two partcipants have the maximum number of points, then winners is the one who scored at least m points first.

Intially each participant has 0 points. It's guranteed that at the end of the game at least one participant has a positive number of points.

Input
 

The first line contains an integer N, total number of rounds. Then follow N lines, containing information about the rounds in ""name points" " format in chronological order. 

Output
Print the Name of the winner of the Contest.
Constraints

1 ≤ N ≤ 1000
'name' is the string of lower case letter 1 ≤  |name|  ≤ 32
-1000 ≤points ≤ 1000

 
Example
Input:
3
mahi 3
vicky 5
mahi 2

Output:
vicky 

Input:
5
mahi 3
mahi 2
vicky 5
ankit 5
pooja 4

Output:
mahi 
Explanation

1. After the contest both vicky and mahi have scored same points that is 5 ,but vicky scored 5 points first, hence the winner.
2.  Clearly mahi wins, first to score 5 points. 




Author:
1★vicky002


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/SPIT1


Tags:

               
                 implementation, map, simple, vicky002
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
11-04-2015


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

