
Felicity is a huge fest, and you'll see many food stalls that have been set up for you to try out some interesting dishes!
You are in a group of NN starving students, hence you all went to check out the N+1N+1 food stalls lined up for Felicity. These stalls are lined up from left to right, with stall number 1 as the leftmost, and stall number N+1 as the rightmost. Stall i has ai varieties, and no 2 stalls serve the same variety. Felicity has a huge budget, therefore every stall has an unlimited quantity of each variety, hence multiple people can order the same variety.
Initially, all of the students are on the left of the 1st stall, so you all decide to send each student to a different stall to check the number of varieties there, i.e. no 2 people will be sent to the same stall.
Each student has reached their respective stall, but students are lazy, hence they would only order something from the stall they are at, or go to a stall on their left which has more varieties than the stall they were sent to.
What are the total number of unique group orders that can be made by the group of students? Two group orders are considered different if there exists a student who took a different variety in both of the orders. 
Input Format
The first line of input will contain a single integer N, the number of students.
The second line will contain N+1 positive integers a1,a2,…,an+1, the number of varieties present at each stall.
Output Format
Output the number of different ways to order food for your friend group modulo 109+7.
Constraints

1≤N≤105
1≤ai≤109


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
4 3 5



                        Sample Output 1
                        





83


Explanation
The number of varieties you'll have has access to at each stall is [4,7,5]. 
At the first stall, you have a total of 4 varieties just from the first stall. 
At the second stall, you can pick items from the first stall too since it has more varieties than the second stall, giving a total of 4+3=7 varieties. 
The last stall has access to 5 varieties from the third stall and no other varieties since there are no stalls before it with greater number of varieties.
If the 2 students decide to go to the first and second stalls, there will be a total of 4×7=28 unique orders.
Similarly, if they decide to go to the second and third stalls, they will have 35 unique orders, and if they decide to go to the first and third stalls, they'll have 20 unique orders, for a total of 83 total unique orders.
Hack case note
Find the buggy solution to this problem on GitHub or Drive.
This problem is part of DeCode contest, wherein you are given a problem (as given above) and its buggy solution (link in contest announcement). You have to submit a program that outputs a hack case to the buggy solution. Your program's output should satisfy the input constraints of the above problem.



Author:
6★awesome_amul


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/SPLDCHC


Tags:

               
                 awesome_amul, binary-exponentation, dynamic-programming, hard, segment-tree
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
4-03-2022


Time Limit:
3 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

