
Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
Chef and his little brother are playing with sticks. Initially, Chef has NN sticks with lengths A1,A2,…,ANA1,A2,…,AN. He should give his little brother at least K of these sticks. Afterwards, Chef's brother should choose four sticks and use them to form a rectangle (a square is also a rectangle). Chef does not want his brother to break any of the sticks, so each of the chosen sticks should be one side of the rectangle.
Chef's little brother wants the rectangle he makes to have the maximum possible area, while Chef wants it to have the minimum possible area. Therefore, Chef wants to choose the sticks to give his brother in such a way that they cannot be used to form a rectangle; if it's impossible, then he wants to choose the sticks in such a way that the maximum area of a rectangle his little brother can form is minimum possible.
Can you find the area of the resulting rectangle (or determine that it won't be possible to form any) if both Chef and his little brother play optimally?
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains two space-separated integers N and K.
The second line contains N space-separated integers A1,A2,…,AN.

Output
For each test case, print a single line containing one integer — the area of the resulting rectangle or −1 if Chef can give his brother sticks that cannot be used to form any rectangle.
Constraints

1≤T≤100
1≤N≤105
0≤K≤N
the sum of N over all test cases does not exceed 105
1≤Ai≤109 for each valid i


                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
7 6
1 2 3 1 2 2 1
5 4
1 2 1 2 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2
-1


Explanation
Example case 1: Chef should give his brother all sticks except one. Regardless of the length of that one stick, Chef's brother can choose sticks with lengths 1,2,1,2 to create a rectangle with area 1⋅2=2.
Example case 2: If Chef gives his brother sticks with lengths 2,1,2,3, then there is no way to form a rectangle.



Author:
6★kingofnumbers


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/STICKS2


Tags:

               
                 Hashmaps, Implementation, Binary Search
                 
                     
                     Data Structures, Algorithms, Searching
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2691


Date Added:
29-05-2017


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

