
Read problems statements in Mandarin chinese
, Russian and Vietnamese as well.
There's no story in this problem, it's time for trees!
The company structure of ShareChat can be viewed as a tree with NN nodes (numbered 11 through NN); node 1 is the root of this tree. You should choose a (possibly empty) subset of nodes and place one coin in each node from this set. We call the tree proper if the following condition holds:

Consider two arbitrary disjont subtrees. Let's denote the total number of coins in one subtree by X and the total number of coins in the other subtree by Y.
If X>0 and Y>0, the greatest common divisior (GCD) of X and Y must be 1.

Please calculate the number of different assignments of coins to nodes (different sets of nodes containing coins) such that the resulting tree is proper. Since the answer could be very big, compute it modulo 109+7.
Note: A subtree is the tree formed by some node v and all (direct or indirect) descendants of v. Two subtrees are disjont if they do not have any common node.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer N denoting the number of nodes in the tree.
The second line contains N−1 space-separated integers p2,p3,…,pN, where pi denotes the parent of node i.

Output
Print a single line containing one integer — the number of assignments of coins to nodes which form a proper tree, modulo 109+7.
Constraints

1≤N≤70
1≤pi<i for each valid i


                        Sample Input 1
                        





5
1 1 2 3



                        Sample Output 1
                        





30


Explanation
There are only two ways to assign coins to nodes such that the resulting tree is not proper. Both contain coins in nodes 2, 3, 4, 5 and one of them contains a coin in node 1 too.



Author:
6★allllekssssa


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/STTT


Tags:

               
                 GCD, Bitmasking, Combinatorics, Dynamic Programming
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Number Theory, Bit Manipulation, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

3206


Date Added:
16-08-2018


Time Limit:
1 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

