
Read problems statements Bengali , Mandarin chinese and Vietnamese as well.
In Chefland, there are N cities (numbered 1 through N) connected by N−1 bidirectional roads in such a way that it is possible to reach any city from any other city. Each city has its own traditional dish for which it is famous; let's denote the tastiness of the dish in city i by Ai.
Chef is currently learning how to prepare tastier dishes. At any point, he can only remember how to cook one dish. Initially, the tastiness of the dish he can cook is W. Chef is going to travel from city 1 to city v. In each city he visits (including 1 and v), if the tastiness of the traditional dish of this city is strictly greater than the tastiness of the dish he can currently cook, then he forgets the dish he can currently cook and learns the traditional dish of this city.
Now, Chef is wondering how many times he is going to learn a new dish during his trip. You should answer Q independent queries. In each query, you are given the initial tastiness W and Chef's final destination v; compute the number of times Chef learns a new dish. Note that the input is given in a special format, so you have to answer the queries online.
Input

The first line of the input contains a single integer T denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains one integer N. 
The second line contains N space-separated integers A1,A2,…,AN.
The third line contains N−1 space-separated integers P2,P3,…,PN, meaning there's an edge between i and Pi.
The fourth line contains one integer Q. 
Each of the following Q lines contains two space-separated integers A and B describing a query in the following format:
Let's denote the answer to the previous query by Pr (Pr=0 if this is the first query).
For this query, v=A⊕Pr and W=B⊕Pr.

Output
For each query, print a single line containing one integer — the number of times Chef learns a new dish.
Constraints

1≤T≤1000
2≤N≤106
1≤Q≤106
1≤Ai≤108 for each valid i
1≤Pi≤i−1 for each valid i
1≤W≤108
1≤v≤N
the sum of N for all test cases does not exceed 106
the sum of Q for all test cases does not exceed 106


                        Sample Input 1
                        





1
5
2 3 1 4 5
1 2 2 3
2
2 1
1 0



                        Sample Output 1
                        





2
1





Author:
5★dolabmoon


Tags:

               
                 Pre processing, Dynamic Programming, DFS, Binary lifting
                 
                     
                     Advanced Algorithms, Algorithms, Graph Algos, Traversals, Lowest Common Ancestor
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2715


Date Added:
19-09-2018


Time Limit:
3 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

