
Utkarsh is currently sitting for placements. He has applied to three companies named A,BA,B, and CC.
You know Utkarsh's order of preference among these 33 companies, given to you as characters first, second, and third respectively (where first is the company he prefers most).
You also know that Utkarsh has received offers from exactly two of these three companies, given you as characters xx and y.
Utkarsh will always accept the offer from whichever company is highest on his preference list. Which company will he join?
Input Format

The first line of input contains a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
The first line of each test case contains three different space-separated characters: first, second, and third, denoting Utkarsh's order of preference among the three companies.
The second line of each test case contains two space-separated characters x and y, the companies from which Utkarsh has received offers.

Output Format
For each test case, print one line containing a single character, the company whose offer Utkarsh will accept.
The output is not case sensitive, so if the answer is A, both a and A will be accepted.
Constraints

1≤T≤36
first, second and third are three different characters among {A,B,C}.
x and y are two different characters among {A,B,C}.

Subtasks
Subtask #1 (100 points): Original constraints

                        Sample Input 1
                        





2
A B C
A B
B C A
A C



                        Sample Output 1
                        





A
C


Explanation
Test Case 1. Utkarsh has received offers from A and B. Of these two, he prefers company A (first preference) over B (second preference). Therefore Utkarsh will accept the offer of company A.
Test Case 2. Utkarsh has received offers from A and C, where company C is his second preference and company A is his third preference. Utkarsh will accept the offer of company C.



Author:
utkarsh_adm


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/UTKPLC


Tags:

               
                 Conditional Statements, Implementation
                 
                     
                     Basic Programming Concepts, Algorithms
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

N/A


Date Added:
1-12-2021


Time Limit:
0.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

