
Faizal and Sultan are having a one-on-one faceoff. Before stepping into the fight, each of them smoked a special kind of weed from Jhalwa. Smoking kk grams of this weed grants the smoker the ability to resurrect kk times after dying. Sultan smoked M grams of this weed, and Faizal smoked N grams.
However, Faizal was addicted to this kind of weed since his childhood, and so developed a side effect: if Faizal dies and is resurrected, he temporarily loses his ability to resurrect; and only gains it back after killing Sultan at least once (given that he hasn't resurrected N times already). Sultan has no such restriction.
The fight ends whenever one of the two is killed without being able to resurrect. In other words, either Sultan is killed M+1 times, or Faizal is killed N+1 times, or Faizal is killed twice in a row.
Any possible fight can be described by the sequence of deaths - for example, with N=2 and M=2, the string FSSFS encodes the fight where:

First, Sultan kills Faizal. Faizal resurrects, and temporarily loses his ability to resurrect.
Then, Faizal kills Sultan. Sultan resurrects, and Faizal's resurrection is now active.
Faizal kills Sultan again. Sultan resurrects.
Sultan kills Faizal, who resurrects. Now Sultan has no more chances to revive.
Faizal kills Sultan, who stays dead; and the fight ends.

Faizal's wife Mohsina is getting anxious about the fight and asks for your help in finding the number of different ways the fight between Faizal and Sultan can end up happening. Because this value can be quite large, compute it modulo 109+7.
Two fights are considered different if and only if the sequence of deaths corresponding to those fights are different. For example, the sequence SF is different from the sequence FS and hence these represent different fights.
Input Format

The first line of input contains a single integer T, denoting the number of test cases. The description of T test cases follows.
Each test case consists of a single line of input, containing two space-separated integers N and M.

Output Format
For each test case, output a single line containing the answer - the possible number of fights between Faizal and Sultan, modulo 109+7.
Constraints

1≤T≤2000
0≤N≤105
0≤M≤105
Sum of N over all test cases will not exceed 106
Sum of M over all test cases will not exceed 106


                        Sample Input 1
                        





3
2 1
12 6
6969 8563



                        Sample Output 1
                        





7
255
988402422


Explanation
Test Case 1: The death sequences corresponding to the 7 possible fights are:

SS
SFS
FSS
FSFS
FF
SFF
FSFF




Author:
5★abhinav2302


Editorial:
https://discuss.codechef.com/problems/VKMWED


Tags:

               
                 Modular Exponentiation, Modulo Multiplicative Inverse, Combinatorics
                 
                     
                     Mathematics, Modular Arithmetic
                 
               
             
             



                        Difficulty Rating:
                    

2848


Date Added:
30-09-2021


Time Limit:
0.5 secs


Source Limit:
50000 Bytes


Languages:
CPP17, PYTH 3.6, JAVA, C, CPP14, PYTH, PYP3, CS2, ADA, PYPY, TEXT, PAS fpc, NODEJS, RUBY, PHP, GO, HASK, TCL, kotlin, PERL, SCALA, LUA, BASH, JS, rust, LISP sbcl, PAS gpc, BF, CLOJ, R, D, CAML, swift, FORT, ASM, FS, WSPC, LISP clisp, SQL, SCM guile, PERL6, ERL, CLPS, PRLG, SQLQ, ICK, NICE, ICON, COB, SCM chicken, PIKE, SCM qobi, ST, NEM





Submit

